The same goes for improvements in cyclone early warning.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
33. The Sides expressed interest in the development of mutually beneficial cooperation in the Arctic, inter alia in the sphere of joint scientific research.
First, the cost of 850 essential medicines were regulated and the prices of heart stent and equipment for knee surgery were reduced.
PM said that Ayushman Bharat Scheme will create an entirely new ecosystem which helps to create healthier India.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
He said Adi Shankara had imbibed the best of practices from different ideologies and thought.
And therefore, Swachh Bharat Mission – the quest for clean India – is linked to faith and spirituality in the country.
He also spoke of the work being done towards cleanliness and enhancing the visual appeal of the city.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
He was committed towards eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
Emphasizing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said “playing with the well-being of future generations would be an immoral and criminal act.”
We were touched by President Moon’s decision to send the First Lady as his special representative at the ‘Deepotsav’ Festival held in Ayodhya last November.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
I will join programmes in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
From the activities launched today, you can see the depth of relationship between the two countries.
The movement targeted the young generation, in particular.
We aim to make a big leap in the ocean economy through the blue revolution.
In the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than other major economies.
I salute all the brave people from the depths of my heart.
We launched the process of full membership in Tashkent meeting of the SCO last year.
These operations have been carried out in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan and many other parts of the world.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
In the next two months, we will be busy in the hurly-burly of the general elections.
If we look at the map of the world, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located at very important places in the Indian Ocean.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
The Prime Minister asserted that more people are paying taxes because they have faith that their money is being used properly and for the welfare of people.
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
•India will emerge as a global leader in transportation sector through cutting edge technology and skilled manpower.
I would like to share positive outcome of the budget session.
However, we should not forget that all the work was not done merely by the government, money, planning or power.
The Prime Minister asserted that nations cannot progress unless they value and cherish their history and heritage.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
India’s development needs are huge and substantial.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers, performing Yoga asanas in the lawns of Forest Research Institute, Dehradun, located in the lap of the Himalayas.
It is seen, this situation is coming up even at a comparatively younger age.
“Glad to know that people across Tripura marked the Jayanti of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with immense enthusiasm.
He said this target was recently accomplished in about 17,000 villages.
He said a new economic system is being developed along the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, and the entire area would become a single economic zone.
In fact during the last three years it has become the third largest source of Foreign Direct Investments.
He said the Government aims to double income of farmers by 2022.
Congratulations Tejaswini Sawant for the Gold in the women’s 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
PM will inaugurate the upgraded Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
He said this constructive atmosphere should be used to move swiftly towards the creation of New India.
Given global uncertainties, India also needs energy security.
Interacting with the group, the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative.
For these purposes the Sides maintain cooperation between the National Rail and Transportation Institute (Vadodara) of the Republic of India and the Russian University of Transport (MIIT).
The Prime Minister said that today, the farmer buys in retail, but sells in wholesale.
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
He added that their efforts have ensured that Indian Passport is respected everywhere.
India is setting new records not just in the field of sports but also in hitherto uncharted areas.
To me, Diwali brought a special experience.
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and PMO, briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
He appreciated the people of the Nicobar Islands for their spirit and hard work in rebuilding the islands after the tsunami.
His slogan “Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan” is the hall mark of his grand personality.
My heart goes out to the victim’s families.
In last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
Together we will build such an India which will be clean and healthy, and where the dream of Su-Raj will be fulfilled.
One new medical college will be set up for every three districts.
Together we will build such an India where the youth, the women will have enough opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
If the world has to grow as a whole,there has to be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
The results are already visible.
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor, but also the middle class, PM said.
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s commitment to provide Housing for All by 2022.
I am happy that this resolution has been fulfilled today.
The Government and people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and greater prosperity.
She brought the people together by infusing a sense of national-awakening.
In different games, our athletes have made the country proud.
They have showed that if once the targets are set, spirits are high and with a strong resolve, the set targets can most certainly be attained.
What goals is the gems and jewellery industry setting for itself by that date?
India had earlier won the Asia Cup in Hockey in the years 2003 and 2007.
Prime Minister will also visit the exhibition set up on the occasion atRajpath lawns.
The work of reclamation of Dal Lake is also going on.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
The dedication of these doctor friends engaged in selfless service is truly worthy of praise.
I have been saying that 21st Century is Asia’s Century.
He added that India would also make an immense contribution to it.
It brings about a harmony in the society by making the family sensitive towards society.
Don’t let this opportunity go past you.
He said Lok Adalats can play a key role in reducing pendency of cases in the judiciary.
· The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today, is over and above the assistance of Rs. 280 crore to Tamil Nadu, and Rs. 76 crore to Kerala, disbursed earlier this month, after Cyclone Ockhi hit the two States/UTs.
In addition, I look forward to engaging with leaders of nine other countries, including BRICS partners, in an Emerging Markets and Developing Countries Dialogue, hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
All of these offer unprecedented opportunities for Japanese industry.
Once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of Ramnavami.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
A well-read population will help India excel globally.
In his maiden attempt, he cracked the Entrance exam for MBBS at AIIMS, Jodhpur.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary year celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.
You may recall that even, in the recent Asian Games, India’s performance was par excellence.
There is an incredible spirit, vibrations and magnetic power in this holy land.
The Prime Minister said that cleanliness, or Swachhta, is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, we grew at 7.7 per cent.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
Investments by AIIB in sustainable infrastructure can impact the lives of billions of people.
Members of the Club des Chefs des Chefs (Club of Presidential Chefs from across the Globe), called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry enjoys immense popularity across the world.
He stressed that growth and development of Jammu and Kashmir is high on his agenda.
We salute the will and determination of all those individuals and organisations working towards protecting the environment.
This is a day to reaffirm our commitment towards further strengthening our democracy by unfailingly participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
India scripted a thumping win in the under- 19 Cricket World Cup and the Blind Cricket World Cup.
My mind is filled with memories of working with M Venkaiah Naidu Garu, in the Party & Government.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
So a lot of new people would have received the training for casting votes.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
The Prime Minister said that schemes such as Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India, are helping in greater financial inclusion.
We will be hosting a global mobility conference this year.
The enforcement of award can be refused by the Courts only as per international practices.
The Prime Minister said India can achieve a lot in football.
We have added more capacity to renewable energy than conventional energy in 2017.
They reiterate the important role of the United Nations, including the High Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, in coordinating and reviewing global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
Together we will build such an India which will be free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
The situation that has emerged in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, as a fallout of the issue of distribution of the waters of the Cauvery River, is distressful.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
The Government also aims to extend Piped Natural Gas to ten million houses over the next five years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Signing of Agreement between the India and Ukrain for cooperation in Agriculture and Food Industry.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
As fellow democracies, India and the ROK have shared values and a shared vision for regional and global peace.
Among the projects inaugurated are the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Puraani Kashi; and an Atal Incubation Centre at BHU.
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capability and enterprise.
We particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
We live in an era where diamonds are used in spectacles, watches and pens.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
They stressed that the primary challenge in large parts of the world remains ensuring rapid and environmentally sustainable economic development, removal of poverty, reducing inequality among and within states, and providing basic health care.
A single case takes years to settle.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
Specially, in the context of serving trees, they prefer laying down their lives but cannot tolerate any harm to a single tree.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
Our cultural engagement is expanding.
The projects reviewed today, include the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, and construction of four new AIIMS at Manglagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra, and Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
He expressed confidence that everyone would work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
We have given full freedom to the security forces.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
To improve last mile delivery, we are improving governance, by increasing access to digital technology.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
Most of the sectors of our economy are now only open for FDI.
This was a war in which India was not directly involved yet our soldiers fought world over, just for the cause of peace.
All of you must have celebrated Deepawali with traditional fervour.
And last year was also the silver jubilee year of our diplomatic relations.
He said that as a country, we have to leave no stone unturned to not just reach the last mile but also to work together to eliminate the social stigma attached with this disease.
More than 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts on cooking gas alone.
I look forward to many more shining successes.
Agreement on Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial matter
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
My dear countrymen, on 1st February 2017, Indian Coast Guard is completing 40 years.
He called upon the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
Food processing is a way of life in India.
Let me conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister described this conclave as a new beginning in the public sector sphere.
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to rest on past laurels, but is also important to adapt to emerging challenges.
The new dawn of the New Year, comes with the resolve of new success.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play a major role in Asia’s emergence.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
In many parts of the country, our youth and farmers demonstrated their bravery whilst standing up against the injustice.
He will unveil the plaque to mark the serving of 3rd billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir.
Even this year, we should try to organize ‘Run for Unity’ in our village, town, city or metropolis.
The MOU on proposed development of a fertiliser plant in Malaysia and off-take of surplus urea from Malaysia to India is a welcome development.
It will provide top quality healthcare to the poor, he added.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
Hon’ble Chairman, heartiest congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the House and on behalf of the countrymen!
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremists, in 2016-17.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
Iran will continue to achieve new heights under the dynamic leadership of President Hassan Rouhani.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar’s words, that we should make our political democracy, a social democracy as well.
In fact, May 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our self-respect.
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
There will be a value addition in tourism only when we travel not only as a visitor but also like a student and make efforts to assimilate, understand & adapt.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society, under this scheme.
Late in the evening, the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi, evaluating the development of the city.
1. Exchange & training of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts;
The MoU will provide a mechanism and help to foster scientific cooperation between R&D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
I congratulate and felicitate the young heroes and their families who were honoured with various gallantry awards on the eve of this Republic Day.
We are also making collaborative efforts to mainstream solar energy in the form of an International Solar Alliance.
In our path of sustained high growth, and all around development, India counts Israel among its important partners, the Prime Minister said.
Ours is a society that holds teachers in very high esteem.
Our energy partnership, is an important bridge in our linkages.
Through these food parks, we aim to link agro-processing clusters with key production centres.
He noted that India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for the condolence and the offer of assistance.
The capability, commitment & controlling situation through rapid decisions of the NDRF have made them a cynosure of every Indian’s eye, worthy of respect & admiration.
Today our monetary policy, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiative have become seedbed for our young innovators and young entrepreneurs.
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion.
He worked tirelessly for the progress of Delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential of the North-East.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that our minds are not ready to believe that Shri Vajpayee is no longer with us.
You celebrate Indian festivals as your own.
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Best wishes.
But now we live in independent India.
Our economic ties continue to follow an upward trajectory.
5. The Sides called upon all states to work towards the lessening of global tensions and promoting the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and openness in inter-state relations.
The Government has taken a number of steps to boost investment.
It will provide much needed momentum to increased bilateral business and investment linkages.
Her game makes all of us very proud.
We remember with great pride all the sacrifices made by our Army.
The Special Notified Zone at the Bharat Diamond Bourse became operational in November, 2015.
60. Our resolve is to build an India, which provides all the opportunities to the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
Start-Ups have been given income tax exemption for three years.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
Today, we remember and salute that spirit.
Who does not know about the Bangladesh Freedom Struggle of 1971?
The Air Force also retaliated befittingly in 1965 too.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
Prime Minister assured the athletes that Government would provide them adequate support and facilities.
Prime Minister said that India would celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, beginning from 2nd of October.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
The occasion also marks the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India.
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
And, shape our partnership and engagement in a manner that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and also touches your lives.
(b) Creation of one Apex level post of Controller General of Communication Accounts (CGCA).
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
We salute the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army.
He also explained the various spin-off benefits, including on health and tourism that can accrue through the Swachh Bharat Mission.
All these great men travelled widely in India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
The Prime Minister later flagged off the “Run For Unity” from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
The funds will be utilized for repair, maintenance, and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges, and other damaged infrastructure.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
The energy intensity of economies will change with focus on green energy and energy efficiency;
59. The Sides reiterated their commitment to further strengthen global non-proliferation.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
He said that more number of generic medicines are now available for the people which will not only reduce the cost of health care but also save many precious lives.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
Our brave soldiers have laid down their lives.
We are also looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
If we talk of 2017-18, 55 percent of the total outlay of Rupees 64 thousand crores, which comes to around rupees 35 thousand crores, has been spent on works like water conservation.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
It is helping response agencies in quickly organizing themselves, and enabling citizens to connect more easily with authorities.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
It is, therefore, surprising for me to know that there had never been a bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Portugal.
It will benefit both countries.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
PM has directed Insurance Companies to hold special camps for assessment & timely release of compensation to the affected families/beneficiaries under Social Security Schemes.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
But we have reduced our democracy to mere ballot boxes.
Progress of important projects in the roads and railways sectors, such as the Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, the Quazigund-Banihal Tunnel, the Chenab railway bridge, and the Jiribam-Imphal project was also reviewed.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in this region.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
It will not only provide easy movement of trains but also help in the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
Most beneficiaries said that the there has been an overall improvement in the quality of life.
Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
12. Research and training of food industry operators;
Creating an enabling environment for business and attracting investments remains my top priority.
India is now the most preferred investment destination in this sector.
Moreover, these mile-stones have been achieved even before some of the major recent reforms.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
In a couple of days, we will observe the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
It also reduces their productivity.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
The celebration of Ganesh Utsav publicly had become an effective medium in promoting a spirit of social awakening, integration, amity and equality among the masses besides projecting a sense of dedication and festivity in them.
Last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
My dear countrymen, in our country, there is a Neelakurinji flower which blooms once every 12 years.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for the technical and financial help given to India, for this project.
We need to ensure that we build it to best available standards of disaster safety.
The Government and the people of Japan have always shown great affection towards me and my country.
The whole world observes this as World Yoga Day.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
My dear countrymen, today as we refer to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, that too in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, I would like to share with you an incident from Netaji’s life.
He urged the children to ensure that the adulation and fame that they are getting, should not become an obstacle to their future progress.
Life moves ahead depending upon the condition that whatever the sense of mission you have achieved and whatever is the sense of ambition that you nurture, whether there is any ongoing co-ordination between your sense of mission and your sense of ambition!
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
They are currently touring different parts of India as part of the initiative “Watan Ko Jaano.”
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
You will be glad to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha remained 118 percent and that of Rajya Sabha was 74 percent.
We are fourth largest in Wind Energyand fifth largest producer of Solar Energy.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
If anybody thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will curtail it, such a person does not deserve to be a Chief Minister, the Prime Minister asserted.
That is why, Swami Vivekananda said, “expansion is life, contraction is death.”
Heartiest congratulations, Beti Shivangi.
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
This is the change.
Themes such as trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchanges came up for discussion.
She helped publication of Basu’s research and publicity through her articles and conferences.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
It is a matter of happiness for all of us that today Arun Ji is also amongst us after the recovery.
These measures too have increased the efficiency of energy use.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi’s vision.
The Prime Minister also congratulated all those who were associated with this remarkable feat.
Speaking of the achievements in sanitation, the Prime Minister mentioned that sanitation coverage has expanded from about 40 percent in 2014, to about 80 percent today.
He said this decision would unlock huge amounts of money for development of the mineral rich districts.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
The Soundarya Lahari is a set of shlokas composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
Even a common man gets a unique diving feeling when he visits this place.
In fact, we are now living through what many have termed the ‘Asian Century’.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence.
The Prime Minister also noted that Bhuj would get a modern bus port, like other cities in Gujarat.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
We regard thriving two-way trade and investment flows as the bedrock of a strong partnership.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you, some recent, remarkable achievements of our scientists in India.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
Our forefathers have lived this as a way of life for centuries together.
The results of these efforts are now evident.
It is my particular pleasure to welcome Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the honourable Ministers from Malaysia and Mauritius to the event.
He congratulated the people of Jammu Kashmir for making the state Open Defecation Free by September 2018 itself.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
As the world’s most populous Muslim nation Indonesia stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
My dear countrymen, ‘Mann – Ki – Baat’ has garnered accolades; it has also attracted criticism.
What you say is right.
It is also very heartening to see that the United Nations has come forward as a partner in this entire process.
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
He mentioned the various other projects, including roads, and projects related to Namaami Gange, which were inaugurated, or for which the foundation stone was laid today.
Shri Gobind Singh Ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human suffering.
He said there is immense potential for tourism in Varanasi, and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well.
He ensured that millions of Indians were brought under the ambit of one nation & one constitution.
This will be the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
We need to support such initiative and leadership through policies and practices.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
As fellow market economies, our needs and strengths are complementary.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
For this, they require specialized arbitration lawyers.
During the interaction, Prime minister urged the sports persons to use technology as an aid to improve their performance.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
He said that India is making a mark in the start-up sector due to the talent of its youth.
v) Hospital twinning for exchange of good practices;
It contributes to our energy security.
Strategic Engagement
I had made an appeal to change brain-drain into brain-gain.
This is the fifth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
Seven of the top ten countries in the world in terms of number of deaths due to disasters are in the Asia-Pacific.
I will be meeting with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other eminent dignitaries.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
They agreed to jointly contribute in a positive and constructive way in facilitating sustainable solutions for global challenges including climate change, sustainable development, food security etc.
Just on seeing these pictures, your disappointment will transform into hope.
Thus the gems and jewellery sector is a prime example of the potential of ‘Make In India’ and Skill India.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram (via video conference).
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
They will not be spared.
Armed Forces, the world over know the importance of supply chains.
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
In a way, entire India received his blessings.
At a public meeting at Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana account holders.
Addressing a public meeting, the PM congratulated everyone who has worked for the memorial.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
After the review, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore to the State.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
These mountains of Uttarakhand spontaneously inspire us for Yoga and Ayurveda.
I hope they continue to do exemplary work in curbing plastic pollution.
He will launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development works at the district level.
The security of these forts was the responsibility of the Maratha Navy.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preserving the “spirit” in the cooperative movement, which he said is still largely intact in the rural areas.
He said Amul is not only about milk processing, but an excellent model of empowerment.
As on date, integration of datasets of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries has been achieved on this Portal.
The flood situation in Kerala has been continuously and closely monitored by the Union Government.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum, and power sectors.
Procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified.
While speaking on Shri Pranab Mukherjee he said, “Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
My Dear Countrymen, Namaskar
My dear countrymen, namaskar!
I once again urge that we should try and take forward the Khadi movement.
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
It aims to create compact walkable communities and bring public transport closer to transit.
I have asked all concerned officers in the Government to focus their attention to this task.
At a public event to mark the 75th anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postal stamp, coin, and First Day Cover.
May the injured recover quickly.
I congratulate the crores of people, particularly the poor, who benefitted from this initiative.
This will also contribute to Kochi’s economic growth.
Till August 2017, Indian soldiers had lent their services in about 50 of the total of 71 Peacekeeping operations undertaken by the UN the world over.
Banks have also been asked to increase working capital loans from 20 per cent of turnover to 30 per cent, for enterprises that transact digitally.
This traditional calendar depicts our bonding with natural and astronomical events.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and Centre.
I compliment the Union Ministry of Urban Development led by Venkaiah ji for having formulated a Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
Even in our ancient scriptures, this importance of personal hygiene is captured.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever before.
Therefore, a mass rapid transport system is essential to address the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago.
The Sides emphasized the importance of the continuation of the multilateral dialogue on this theme within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
Centre is focusing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans.
India has no dearth of brilliant lawyers and judges.
He spoke of the benefit that schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Fasal Bima Yojana and Saubhagya have brought about in the State.
I have been saying that this twenty first (21st Century) is Asia’s Century.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
Thus, he brought our beloved tricolor closer to the commonman.
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business, Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST, Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
During this Session, the nation gets an opportunity to elect the new President and the Vice President.
7. Posting of a Mid-Level health provider at the level of the sub-center who is trained in primary health care and public health related competencies.
It is because of such efforts that we have improved significantly on the Ease of Doing Business rankings from 142 to 77”.
Through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
I am confident that our discussion and decisions today will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India’s 69th Republic Day Celebrations.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
He told the medal winners that their sporting feats have raised India’s stature and pride.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018.
It is said that Bhagini Nivedita was the inspiration.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
I congratulate Ecological Protection Organization, their entire team and the people of Chandrapur.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
India is working on e-mobility.
He said enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
63. We will build together such an India, which will be clean, healthy and fulfil the dream of self-rule (Swaraj).
Acting against corruption
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
In this context, he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
He also spoke of the benefits that the other development projects launched today would bring about.
i) Non-communicable diseases, including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer;
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play a key role in the dissemination of Dr. Ambedkar’s teachings and vision.
Powered by the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub.
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
While appreciating the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister observed that the matter is presently sub-judice.
People are writing in from far and wide.
Keeping in line with the Government’s vision of providing drinking water to all, PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
The Prime Minister will address the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
In this context he mentioned the agreement of Units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
During the operation, a sailor from Thailand Navy sacrificed his life.
This is a vision I share with President Xi and Premier Li.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Cooperation between India and Finland on Environmental Cooperation.
His father earns his daily bread by waste-picking.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers’ representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries of the country are also situated in Kerala.
His birthplace was Patna, Karmabhoomi was north India and the last moments were spent in Nanded.
Student organisations, while campaigning for university elections should give more importance to cleanliness, the Prime Minister said.
He said that it is essential, as a society, to stay connected to our history.
I am happy to be a part of this august gathering of global leaders and decision makers of the food processing sector.
This number is expected to double in the next ten years.
They are aimed at transforming the country and making a New India.
Historically temples have played a key role in our societies.
My dear countrymen, the coming months are very crucial for our farming brothers and sisters.
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel, and his contribution towards the building of our nation.
There are also some limits placed on the withdrawals from ATMs and bank for the very short run.
The Tenth Guru of Sikhs- Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for many through his teachings and ideals.
Today, in the twenty-second meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
Brothers and sisters, in this year’s budget a big decision has been taken to ensure that farmers get a fair price for their produce.
He said German innovation and Indian youth could together add great dynamism in the start-up space.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
But someone has to take such tough decisions for the sake of the country.
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs.
The PM added,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs.
Beneficiaries also talked about how reduced prices of heart stent and knee transplants have changed their life.
He made unwavering efforts towards serving the post-partition refugees in Delhi.
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
Exactly 100 years ago, in 1917, Mahatma Gandhi initiated a Satyagraha in Champaran.
He said that the last two decades have seen several positive changes in Gujarat’s development journey.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need for an institutional arrangement that enables excellence in sports.
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
I hope that the amount of emphasis that is given to the rights at every level during most of the time, is also given to discussing duties of citizens in an emphatic manner.
May Yoga be of benefit to one and all.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres like Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as preferred arbitration destinations.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means to grow and prosper.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the Indian Police Service (IPS) probationers of 2015 batch.
Earlier only eighty to ninety big merchants used to get access to global rough diamonds by travelling to Belgium, Africa and Israel.
We can certainly consider them if they are in the interest of our country.
During the same period a scheme to declare black money was introduced.
This award would be given for outstanding efforts to further national integration.
The govt. is also working towards the goal that every citizen of the country owns a house by 2022.
I am confident that Strong India and Strong Japan will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme is going to transform the health sector.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
I assure that the Government of India stands committed for extending all necessary support for efforts of the state in tackling these diseases.
In a few hours, we will be ushering in the new year of 2017.
I particularly welcome and thank the 15 Partner Countriesof this edition of Vibrant Gujarat.
Today’s dawn has brought a new spirit, a new enthusiasm, a new zeal and a new energy with it.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
The world looks to India, and to Yoga, for a durable, and sustainable answer to these problems.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to one of my favorite events.
Skill India aims to ensure that new entrants to the work force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century.
The Paika Rebellion (Paika Bidroha) was fought against British rule, in Odisha in 1817.
We are the world’s second largest exporter of shrimps.
Over the last three years, my Government has placed special focus on overall infrastructure development of the nation.
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
Both these places attract a large number of pilgrims every year.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
First Lady Kim congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize.
He said that the shared resolve of India and Bangladesh, against cruelty and terrorism, will continue to inspire future generations through the Bangladesh Bhavan.
In India,as in most emerging economies, our challenge is to grow horizontally as well as vertically.
As I am talking to you today , the holy month of Ramzan has already commenced .
· The Centre will dispatch immediate financial assistance worth Rs. 325 crore to cater to the requirements of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
Addressing the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said Gujarat had faced heavy rains for the past week.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time.
They also have unique strengths and insights.
His work towards empowering the poor will always be remembered.
For us in Government, this is a blessing.
He said dynamic change is needed to transform the system.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
When Rajani approached her father, expressing her wish to learn boxing, he encouraged her, arranging for whatever possible resources that he could.
The areas of cooperation on Youth matters includes exchanges of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in-charge of youth policy-making.
Another example of scale would be the Renewable Energy Programme in India.
“The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations.
Everybody is now getting connected with this Fit India Campaign.
Social media is transforming disaster response.
We are now in the information age.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Your children have benefited from this.
“I am delighted to join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
Through Make in India we are offering a platform to Global Companies to produce in India and to make better use of our huge human resource.
This decision will enable better access to credit for small shop-owners and small enterprises.
The Prime Minister reiterated his vision that relationships between regions and provinces of two countries are a vital part of nurturing the bilateral relationship.
There are daunting challenges ahead.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will be mutually beneficial to the food processing sector in both countries.
My dear countrymen, I will be back amidst you next month, with another episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat.’
We have resolved bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these sectors.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana, Sonepat.
26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the nation by all of us.
A law was passed in 2015 on disclosure of foreign bank accounts.
The entire nation stands with the people of Northeast during this time.
Addressing the large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said he is witnessing first-hand, how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
An enabling alternate dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
Brazil is among our most important economic partners in Latin America.
This is a good beginning.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports.
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
Your Highness, I warmly recall our earlier meetings in August 2015, and in February last year.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
This metro project has several significant features.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
At a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach, and a Humsafar Rake.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesiveness in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the world.
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer, but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away, closer to each other.
He said it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
They appreciated the Prime Minister’s stand on the issue of Triple Talaq.
Since the council was created fifty years ago, India has made rapid strides in this industry.
The efficiency of supply chains is a key factor in any manufacturing enterprise.
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
Five new Metro Rail Projects covering a total length of over 140 kilometers have been approved.
• The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual Summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
State Governments must act tough on those inciting violence in the name of Cow protection
In a way, this period is full of many significant events for the nation.
The delegation expressed its strong support of the Prime Minister’s vision for making India a five trillion dollar economy in the near future.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
India and Portugal are strong partners in the international arena.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana provides risk insurance to millions who need it the most.
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
We have full faith in the bravery and valour of our security forces.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
Friends, till recently Indian importers had to go abroad to view and purchase rough diamonds.
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
He said that the Union Government has decided that for all notified crops, MSP will be at least one and a half times the cost.
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
3. Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration which offers a vision of the future of space travel.
Today, India is on the path of several major transformations.
Prime minister urged them to remain focussed and work harder to achieve their goal of reaching the podium in the coming Olympics.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister said that work is progressing at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
And I’m hopeful that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind in this race and it will strive to achieve this goal..
Jan Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, downtrodden and marginalised into the financial mainstream.
Secretary Carter briefed Prime Minister on the progress in taking forward the decisions and understandings reached in June this year.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on the theme “technology and rural life.”
Friends, to further the principle of Sabka Saath – Sabka Vikaas, on the eve of the new year, Government is bringing some new programmes for the people.
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
And in our first meeting itself I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection towards India.
Every athlete who represented India at 2018 Commonwealth Games inspires us.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the fourth Industrial Revolution.
130 crore Indian will give a befitting reply to any such act or attack.
He announced an immediate additional assistance of 500 crore rupees under the SDRF.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
He said that the huge reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean, is due, to a large extent, to the military might of India, and our international partnerships.
Lower labour costs, large domestic market and macro-economic stability combine to make India a very attractive investment destination.
More than 90 percent approvals have been put on automatic route.
We can see in “Swachhata Hi Sewa” movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country.
We are all aware that a few days ago, ISRO has successfully launched the GSAT-19.
The recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government, he added.
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence” in 2007 by the Union Government.
The agreement on trade remedies signed today would strengthen our trade partnership further.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
He visited the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers’ Gallery.
The presentation on “Energy and Environment” included suggestions related to various energy sources, and energy efficiency.
He will then arrive at the Wall of Unity, and inaugurate it.
The Defense Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short span of time.
Over the last three years, we have worked very hard on the front of Ease of Doing Business.
14. Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
Outcome of the Budget Session
In this context he talked about the Union Government’s initiatives to bring down the prices of medicines, stents etc.
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
It will lead to promotion and propagation of Traditional Systems of Medicines of India in Colombia.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
With the same spirit, I had started a similar movement by name of VANCHE GUJARAT when I was Chief Minister of the State.
The 2nd of October, this year, has a special significance.
PM laid the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over mighty river Brahmaputra.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
He recounted the various steps, including demonetization, taken by the Union Government in the last three years, against black money, and to bring elements indulging in corruption, to book.
18. Will integrate with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
The number of new tax payers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
I congratulate all those athletes who are bringing back medals.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide fifty million families with access to cooking gas.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
My dear countrymen, I am not a Yoga teacher.
Speaking about the vision of holistic transformation of health sector, Prime Minister said that the approach of the Government is ‘No Silos- Only Solutions’.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the Union Government.
He added that several announcement were made in the Budget to this effect.
The remaining part of the land will be managed in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment & Public Assets Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
Our defence scientists too, have made India proud.
A number of conventions and seminarshave been organised on various topics.
Our present is encouraging us to work together.
PM will lay the foundation stone of doubling of 425 km long Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsen-Khairar railway lines.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
Government of India has launched ‘Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojna’ to encourage infrastructure building.
In this context, he also recalled his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka today morning.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
He said Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will be beneficial for farmers growing fruits and vegetables, especially Tomato, Onion and Potato.
The setting up of a Chair on the Paika Rebellion, in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, was announced.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep abreast of developments across the world, even as they kept their Indianness intact.
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet.
Friends, this is a first of its kind conference in this part of the world.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
The ten questions in the Survey are as follows:
Under this scheme, over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs. 5 lakh each, every year.
With this new practice of people’s participation, our effort to take the country forward with people’s involvement will help us to reach our goal.
You have soaked our culture and made it your own.
It was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed.
He said the awards also indicate the priorities of the Government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro, and travelled briefly on the new metro line.
Atalji was a true patriot.
He also explained how Government schemes and initiatives are all aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
It will cater to film students especially those from the North Eastern states.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfers for 59 different schemes.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
“Successful test firing of Agni V makes every Indian very proud.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
In this Town Hall programme, I had the opportunity to talk with crores of students from India and abroad, and also with their parents and teachers; a possibility through the aegis of technology.
Just recently I had two memorable meetings.
Interacting with beneficiaries and store owners from over 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that in order to ensure the availability of high quality medicines at lower prices, Government had taken two major steps.
If a family itself continues to demoralise a child in the family and if that family expects that the kid will be respected in the locality then it is not possible.
He will also release the Innovation and Start-Up Policy for A&N Islands.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
I, once again convey my best wishes to all.
They believe that the simultaneous emergence of India and China as two large economies and major powers with strategic and decisional autonomy, has implications of regional and global significance.
First of all, I congratulate all of you for this Regional Conference on an important subject like Consumer Protection.
World Bank and IMF assess this trend to continue.
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relationship.
I have countless fond memories with him.
Prime Minister will turn a page of the Bhagwad Gita to mark its official opening.
I would like to specially mention the arduous endeavors of the NDRF daredevils.
The Sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma Company in Russia.
Not only this, we are also the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
His demise is anguishing.
In a befitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM’s announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from the Red Fort, he said that today due to extensive sanitation drive, 97% population has access to clean toilets now.
He practised in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization.
We wish to build land, sea and air connectivity to this dynamic region.
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government.
Electricity reached each & every village of the country this year.
The MoU was signed in April, 2017.
Working together, we are determined to take our relationship forward as a ‘future oriented partnership for People, Prosperity and Peace’.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
The Sides agreed to deepen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
He also raised a voice against social evils, he added.
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
I extend felicitations on behalf of the entire nation to the entire team and support staff.
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks.
Have you observed the way I have frequently used terms such as ‘the best ever’ or ‘new, unprecedented record’?
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian soldiers by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
He unveiled a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years.
The ASI has undertaken several major conservation works across various countries of Asia.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
It has the capacity to make a better society and nation.
Be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commendable efforts of our Air Warrior.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister noted that the Assistant Secretaries programme offers the junior-most and senior-most officers the opportunity to interact with each other.
I expect a good, healthy debate with excellent contribution from all the political parties..
Health and Wellness Centers is one of the vital components of Ayushman Bharat in ensuring Universal Health Coverage.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is now witness to how, the vision of Next Gen Infrastructure can transform the means of transport.
It does the job of uniting us.
The world has for too long seen prices on a roller-coaster.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
Earlier this month, at an event in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had focused on the human element of our brave jawans.
Banks and NBFCs will not levy high interest on these loans, as Government of India is bearing the cost of underwriting them.
In FDI Foreign Direct Investment, we are one of the most open countries now.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation has a key role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel, closer to each other.
It is a good chance for the sport lovers to witness closely contested matches.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of my govt. the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
This visit takes place as both countries mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed in 17 sectors.
It is playing a very important role for gramodaya.
First of all, I congratulate the newly elected deputy chairman Shriman HarivanshJi on behalf the entire house and myself.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
It seems to become a question of life and death.
Under the aegis of this campaign, separate programmes on village development, poverty amelioration and social justice will be held throughout India.
In the aftermath of a disaster, disaster responders pour in from all over the world.
India has achieved a rating upgrade after a long wait.
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan’s efforts for building a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
There is no dearth of talent in our country.
We have set up a Chair for Indian Studies in University of Lisbon.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
I wish Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation a memorable stay in India.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia’s unconditional support to India on the issue of cross border terrorism.
Speaking of the family and collective traditions of the Islands, he said this has been a strength of Indian society, over the years.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
During the Freedom Struggle people from all sections and all regions dedicated themselves at Mahatma Gandhi’s call.
Explaining the importance of healthcare and wellness, Prime Minister said that health is the basis for all success and prosperity.
The Prime Minister added that these facilities will also attract tourists.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among like-minded countries.
Prime Minister assured him of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibilities.
Diversity calls for celebration; and not confrontation.
He said that as new laws are made, old ones should be reviewed and weeded out if found unnecessary.
Expressing support for this, many people have written to me, sent me letters, shared ‘fitness mantra- Fit India’ stories on social media.
On this historic occasion the most important role is that of the Chartered Accountants.
Every young sportsperson’s passion & dedication is the hallmark of New India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Y4D New India Conclave in New Delhi.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
India is also rapidly progressing on the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index and Global Competitiveness Index.
Accumulation of any form of waste or filth within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
Through Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojna, training has been given to over 33 lakh women farmers.
We both are democratic countries filled with diversities.
They leave a deep impression on my heart.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
Let us join hands even more closely and strongly.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
Exchanged by
Government has also asked banks to raise the credit limit for small industry from 20 per cent of turnover to 25 per cent.
In fact, 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea, can become centres of our blue revolution.
Captain Mithali Raj has been leading from the front.
The Chief of Army Staff, Gen. Dalbir Singh, was present on the occasion.
The agreement that was exchanged just now has institutionalized this understanding.
In this context, the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity.
Inclusion of ‘Mishmi-Kaman’ (Miju Mishmi), Idu (Mishmi) and Taraon (Digaru Mishmi) in serial No. 8.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available at fifty to ninety percent lower price than the market rates at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
I would also visit some places of worship that have civilizational linkages with India.
It is in the interests of producersthat other economies keep growing steadily and rapidly.
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan.
The Prime Minister said that as many as three lakh companies have come under the scanner, in the course of inspecting the data mined after demonetization.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode approach to the 100 most backward districts in India.
The Great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote the Arth-shastra more than two thousand years ago.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that Eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected with the Bay of Bengal, through the water route.
Out of this, one million people are in the diamonds industry alone.
My dear countrymen, in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, All India Radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination.
January, February, March, April – all these are for every family, months of most severe test!
This is indeed, a possession that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even a common person.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team for winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
The Prime Minister called for speeding up of work related to redevelopment of Railway Stations, and greater creativity in the generation of non-fare revenue.
Institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically.
Our motto is ‘More crop, per drop.’
The interaction will provide an opportunity to hear directly from the farmers.
In this context, he mentioned the various development oriented initiatives of the Government like Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awaaz Yojana.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Its involvement in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail signifies scale and speed.
But it is not a test of your life.
Made in India and Made by Japan combination has already started to work and converge wonderfully.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
He said that for India, this is not just an industrial transformation, but a social transformation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Bhagwan Birsa Munda, on his birth anniversary.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
Speaking on the occasion of the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhavan, the Prime Minister described it as a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
May you enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh, and the divine surroundings of Parmarth Niketan.
Through radio I connect every month with millions of families.
Both countries signed 12 agreements.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
You must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished.
But if something comes from outside those few things you had touched upon; a question comes which is outside the bunch of selected questions that you had prepared; you will be find yourself slipping to the rock bottom.
He said the Government is addressing the special needs of the North East to enable growth parity with the rest of the country.
He was accompanied by the senior officials of the Bank.
Similarly, you can see that presently efforts are afoot and discussions are being held about simultaneously holding the elections for Lok Sabha and for state assemblies.
He encouraged States to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission, for incentivizing outcome-based allocations, and expenditure correction.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
He said the Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play a key role in this regard.
Over the last twenty years, more than eight hundred and fifty thousand people died from disasters in the Asia-Pacific.
He said that with the Statue of Unity, India has given itself today, a towering inspiration for the future.
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region.
In modern times more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives in World Wars in the last century.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering.
They reaffirmed that being multicultural, multilingual and multi-religious societies, India and Russia bring civilizational wisdom to address modern day challenges.
He also added that India believes that a strong America is good for the world.
So we will together build such an India where the poor will have Pucca House with electricity and water.
The Government and the opposition – both are putting forth their view points.
After Independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the Azad Hind Government.
It has been made possible because of close cooperation between the Central Government and all the State Governments as well as all political parties.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
Record growth in last two and a half years
As part of it, government has started training about one lakh masons.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have a hit a record all time low.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
In hockey, India has won the Asia Cup hockey title through its dazzling performance.
From cause-lists to case-laws, the lawyer’s library is now just a click away on your mobile phone.
Brothers and sisters, therefore it is extremely essential to create confidence in the minds of the common man by eliminating the deformities in our system.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Protection Mission.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
He said the projects unveiled today would go a long way in developing sectors such as education, health, employment, skill development, transportation, power, sports and tourism.
The estimated daily fuel savings are to the tune of Rs. 27 lakhs.
Even people have started exchanging Khadi items as gifts.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
This is the reason because of which the acceptance for Yoga throughout the world has been increasing so rapidly.
A few days ago, the country’s beloved poet Neeraj Ji left us forever.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
For this purpose, we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee, and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians.
On 1 June, I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob.
Happy that the Bharat Ratna has been conferred on Bhupen Da.” the Prime Minister said.
Rural road connectivity is now 90 %.
Under ‘Ayushman Bharat Yojana ‘, the Government of India and insurance companies will jointly provide 5 lakh repees for treatment to about 10 crore families or say 50 crore citizens per year.
Over the past two and a half years, more than Rs. 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought into the open.
Aspects such as human psychology and behavioural psychology should be vital parts of training, he added.
Our constant efforts have improved India’s ranking in Ease of Doing Business.
We are also joined together in shaping the international context to support our common pursuits and endeavors.
Reiterating our resolve to fulfill his dream of a prosperous and developed India, I along with all of you pay tributes to Atalji.
He released a postal stamp on “Ramayana,” on this occasion.
The work of building IIT, IIM and AIIMS is speedily going on.
He added that its implementation is a complex task that may well be the subject of future case-studies.
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
The Prime Minister said that an unclean environment, if not cleaned, leads to a situation where one starts accepting circumstances.
Incorporating a company is now just a one day affair.
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
We have to take everyone and every section of the society along to take the country forward.
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
I shall also request listeners of Mann Ki Baat who are engaged in the field of Sanskrit, to ponder over ways & means to take Komalji’s suggestion forward.
Was it possible if a new era of honesty had not been ushered in the country, in the economy of the country?
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
He was appointed as a Permanent Judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28th February, 2001.
He said the navies of 50 countries were part of the International Fleet Review organized by the Indian Navy in 2016.
He will also distribute aid and assistive devices to Divyangans.
“We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
This spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply imbibed in that great person of a very short physical stature.
Our trade and investment relations are becoming more and more intense.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a Sahkar Sammelan in New Delhi, on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar.
Therefore, good health is a collective effort of personal well-being and environmental well-being.
We are also committed to ensure, that we do so, in a way that is sustainable and green.
He said that only those who respect women, can take legitimate pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda’s address – “Brothers and sisters of America.”
We now experience how something grows naturally.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom regarding cooperation between both countries in the sphere of Law & Justice and to set up a Joint Consultative Committee.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of over 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
Apart from farming, they can earn money by selling power generated through solar farming.
He will also address a public meeting.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of British Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has put in place the framework necessary to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to proactively monitor the same, with sensitivity.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
vi) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals;
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
India has produced many great hockey players.
They also cause undue hardships,particularly to those at the bottom of the pyramid in developing and least developed countries.
Our bilateral trade is more than $10 billion.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
Atal Ji’s passing away is a personal and irreplaceable loss for me.
Such events gained more popularity with the passage of time.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
I can see a number of Bal Kanahiyas here.
Just a few days ago, in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship in Finland, India’s brave daughter and a farmer daughter Hima Das made history by winning the gold medal in the 400-meter race event.
By practicing Yoga, a spirit of oneness is created – oneness of the mind, body and the intellect.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the health care needs of the region.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
The review meeting, which lasted for nearly two hours, was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries, NITI Aayog, and PMO.
Defence production Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates were also mentioned.
He added that that India would become great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
Shri Modi stated that on humanitarian grounds notes of five hundred and one thousand rupees will be accepted at government hospitals, pharmacies in government hospitals (with prescription of a doctor), booking counters for railway tickets, government buses, airline ticket counters, petrol, diesel and gas stations of PSU oil companies, consumer cooperative stores authorized by the state or central government, milk booths authorized by state government and crematoria, burial grounds.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar’s mantra of “Bina Sanskar, Nahin Sahkar.”
Consumers are also being made aware through the “Jago Grahak Jago” campaign.
Rabi sowing is up by 6 per cent compared to last year.
Talking of technology, he appealed for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature technology applications are relevant to commercial exploitation of natural gas.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
Earlier he also expressed sadness over loss of lives in forest fire in Portugal.
Minister for Energy, Saudi Arabia
The MoU will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
In disaster after disaster, affected people are using social media to help each other.
It is realising it’s true potential and people’s aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
The National War Memorial also commemorates the soldiers who participated and made the supreme sacrifice in Peace Keeping Missions, and Counter Insurgency Operations.
They said that the Muslim community would never allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
Wheneverthere will be reference to Hockey,the story will remain incomplete without a mention of these legends.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
I believe we are at a moment of great opportunity in our ties with Sri Lanka.
A high level Russian delegation would visit India to organize investment road-shows and promote greater Indian investments in the Far East.
He also dedicated to the nation, inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for various development projects at Rae Bareli.
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
This will ensure growing energy markets for them.
The first 100 percent literate city and first 100 percent literate district have been from Kerala.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
Recently 30 nano satellites were launched.”
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
Currently,India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
Her stellar innings in semi finals will always be remembered.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
My participation in the Summit symbolises India’s highest priority to our neighbourhood and our strong commitment to continue deepening our relationship with the extended neighbourhood in South-East Asia.
11,641 additional habitations have been connected with roads in the same period.
During a match in Kolkata one player from the opposite team hit him on the head with the hockey stick.
He recalled that during Mann Ki Baat in December 2017, he had called for organising Mock Parliaments in the districts.
The government has stressed upon bringing more foreign investment in the country.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
This time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious Akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
Her achievement is all the more special because she has made the imposing challenges in her life the key to her success.
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.