Similar steps have been taken towards the release of advance information about the cyclone.
Now the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated in some parts of the world as well.
33. Both sides expressed interest in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the field of joint scientific research, including in the Arctic and other areas.
First, the prices of 850 essential medicines were controlled and the prices of equipment used for heart surgery and knee surgery were reduced.
The Prime Minister said that the Ayushman Bharat scheme is a completely new interconnected system that will help create a healthy India.
I am thankful to Akbar Sahib.
This shows that there is still a craze among our youth towards our ancient heritage and our heroic heroes of history.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world regarding Yoga Day.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya imbibed and reflected the goodness of various ideologies.
Therefore, the Swachh Bharat Mission - the quest for a Swachh Bharat - is linked to beliefs and spirituality in our country.
He also talked about the work being done towards cleanliness and the work being done to enhance the beauty of the city.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the air warriors and their families, on Air Force Day.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy is in a period of uncertainty.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma of Karnataka was reported.
He was committed to eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
As an experienced parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan, and the United Arab Emirates.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that "playing with future generations would be an immoral and criminal act."
We were particularly moved by President Moon's decision to send the first lady as a special representative for the Deepotsav celebrations held in Ayodhya last year.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy.
The Prime Minister said that the focus of the government is to provide an affordable health care system for the poor.
I will attend events in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
From the programmes launched today, you can get an idea of the depth of the relationship between the two countries.
That movement was mainly aimed at the younger generation.
We aim to take a giant leap forward in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
Different education boards across the country will start the process for Class X and XII board exams in the next few weeks.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than many major economies.
I bow to all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
We started the process of full membership at the Tashkent meeting last year.
These operations have taken place in many countries, including Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and other parts of the world.
The emphasis was on women's empowerment and respect for women.
Over the next couple of months, we will all be busy with electioneering.
Looking at the world map, it is clear that both India and South Africa are located in very important places in the Indian Ocean.
Benami properties worth over Rs 800 crore have been seized by the government.
Despite rising crude oil prices, inflation remains within the prescribed range.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before, as he is confident that their money is being put to good use for the welfare of the people.
The Prime Minister noted the tremendous technological progress made by Israel, and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
India will emerge as a global leader on the strength of cutting-edge technology and skilled manpower.
I want to tell you all about its extremely positive results.
But let's not forget that it's not just government, money, planning, power that gets the job done.
The Prime Minister stressed that no country can progress without giving importance and attention to its history and heritage.
The earth is our mother and we are her sons.
India's development needs are vast and real.
At the same time, India is a large milk-producing country.
The Prime Minister will engage in a yoga asana exercise with thousands of volunteers on the grounds of the Forest Research Institute in Dehradun, nestled in the lap of the Himalayas.
And even at such a young age, this situation has been reached.
The Prime Minister said, "I am happy to note that people across Tripura celebrate the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm."
He said that this target has been achieved recently in about 17,000 villages.
He said a new economic system is being developed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, which will transform the entire region into a single economic zone.
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment during the last three years.
He said that the goal of the government is to double the income of farmers by 2022.
Congratulations Tejaswini Sawant on winning the Gold Medal in the Women's 50m Rifle 3 Positions event.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
He said this creative environment should be used to build a New India at a faster pace.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
The month-long expedition will cover the distance from Haridwar to Patna through river rafting.
To this end, both sides emphasized the continued cooperation between the National Rail and Transport Institute (Vadodara) and the Russian Transport University (MIIT).
The Prime Minister said that today, farmers buy in retail, but sell in bulk.
71 countries of the world including India participated in it.
He said that the efforts of the Indian diaspora have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
India is setting new records not only in sports but also in areas that were never thought of.
Diwali brought a special experience for me this time too.
Top officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog, and the Prime Minister's Office briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
He praised the spirit of the people of Nicobar Islands and their hard work in building the archipelago after the tsunami.
His slogan of 'Jai Jawan Jai Kisan' is the hallmark of this towering personality of his.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
During the last three years, about 150 lakh hectares of land have been benefitted to a large extent through such water conservation and water management measures.
My condolences to the families of the deceased.
Together, we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfils the dream of Swaraj.
A new medical college will be opened between every 3 districts.
Together, we will create an India where there will be ample opportunities for the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
A mutually supportive relationship has to be built between producers and consumers if the world is to develop as a whole.
He also mentioned that sports also help in personality development, confidence building and overall development.
The Prime Minister said that one-fourth of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector in one country or another.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's thoughts have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
The results are already visible.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have greatly benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government's commitment towards providing housing for all by 2022.
I am happy that today this resolution is being fulfilled.
The Government and people of India are with you in this journey towards peace and prosperity.
It worked to unite the people by awakening national consciousness.
In different sports, our players have brought laurels to the country.
They have shown that when the goal is set, the motivation is high, and the resolve is in the mind, it can be accomplished.
What goals can the gems and jewellery industry set for itself by this date?
India had previously won the Asia Cup in 2003 and 2007.
The Prime Minister will also visit an exhibition at Rajpath Lawns on the occasion.
We are also carrying out the work of reconstruction and rejuvenation of Dal Lake.
The Prime Minister said that he had fulfilled the promise of 'One Rank One Pension' for ex-servicemen and was happy to be able to fulfil it.
The enthusiasm of these doctors friends who are selflessly engaged in service is truly commendable.
I have been saying this thing that the 21st century is Asia's century.
India will also contribute a lot in this direction, he added.
It brings goodwill to the society by making the families sensitive towards the society.
Don't let this opportunity pass you by, friends.
He said that Lok Adalats can play a major role in expeditious disposal of cases pending with the judiciary.
The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today is in addition to the Rs 280 crore given to Tamil Nadu and Rs 76 crore given to Kerala earlier this month.
In addition, I look forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries, including the BRICS countries, at the Emerging Market and Developing Countries Dialogue hosted by President Xi Jinping on 5 September.
All these projects present immense potential for Japanese industry.
I once again wish you all a very happy Ram Navami.
Every moment we get to learn something from saints, sages, sages, great men.
A highly educated population will help India excel on the global stage.
He has succeeded in his very first attempt in the MBBS examination of AIIMS Jodhpur.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary year celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.
You may recall that India's performance at the Asian Games this time was also excellent.
There is wonderful energy, vibration, hypnosis in this holy land.
The Prime Minister said that hygiene is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017-18 has been 7. 7 per cent.
Therefore, there will be additional benefits if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India.
AIIB's investments in sustainable infrastructure can be expected to make a positive difference to the lives of billions of people.
Members of the Club de Chef de Chef (CCC), the chefs' club of heads of state from around the world, called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry is popular all over the world.
He stressed that the development and growth of Jammu and Kashmir is among his key priorities.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organisations working to protect the environment.
It is an important day to reaffirm our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by participating in democratic processes at the local, state and national levels.
Sikkim's first and the country's 100th airport - Pakyong was inaugurated. India won the Under-19 Cricket World Cup and Blind Cricket World Cup.
I have fond memories of working with Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu in the party and government.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), as well as several well-known agencies such as Moody's, have also expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
So a lot of new people must have been trained - to vote.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers' Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
Schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping in better financial inclusion, the Prime Minister said.
We will be hosting a Global Mobility Summit this year.
The court's refusal to enforce the ruling can only be made in accordance with international practices.
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the game of football.
We have achieved more capacity in renewable energy than in conventional energy during 2017.
He reiterated the key role of the United Nations, including the 'High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development', to coordinate as well as review the global implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
Together, we will build an India free of terror, communalism and casteism.
The situation that has arisen in Karnataka-Tamil Nadu over the sharing of Cauvery water is very sad.
It will thus benefit all regions and sections of the country.
The government has set a target to expand piped natural gas to 10 million households in the next five years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and India on cooperation in the field of agriculture and food industry.
But the situation in most of the houses is that the umpires are more disturbed than the players.
I congratulate the people of Kochi in this proud moment.
Being partners in democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and vision for regional and global peace.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Incubation Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
The Prime Minister has stressed the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
India has always been a motivating factor for others in terms of intellectual ability and enterprise.
Our special emphasis has been on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
We are at a time where diamonds are being used in glasses, watches and pens.
On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, 2nd October, 2018, the Prime Minister's programmes will focus on events related to sanitation and renewable energy.
The entire ambience is enveloped by the sacred fragrance.
Both sides stressed that the primary challenge in large parts of the world is to achieve rapid and environmentally sustainable economic growth, eradicate poverty, reduce inter-country and intra-country disparities, and provide basic healthcare.
It takes years for a case to be decided.
Remembering Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji's call, many young people of Andaman had dedicated themselves to India's independence.
We will facilitate the early start of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
It is permissible for them to sacrifice their lives, especially in the context of tree conservation, but it is not acceptable for them to lose a single tree.
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being adopted under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
Sports are still considered a waste of time in society.
Our cultural partnership is growing.
The projects reviewed today include construction of four new AIIMS in Delhi, Mumbai Industrial Corridor Mangalagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made more stringent.
He hoped that everyone will work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
We are improving governance by increasing access to digital technology to improve end-to-end delivery in society.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
Most sectors of our economy are now open only to FDI.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet only for the sake of peace our soldiers fought all over the world.
Diwali will be celebrated with a lot of joy for all of you.
And last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
He said that we not only have to give up on reaching the ultimate goal as a country but also work together to eliminate the social stigma associated with this disease.
In the case of cooking gas alone, 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidies through bank accounts.
I am looking forward to many more glittering successes.
Agreement for Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial Matters
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been reduced, the ceiling on insurance has been removed and the amount of claims disbursed to farmers has been increased.
Dear countrymen, 1st February 2017 marks the completion of 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Janmashtami along with the festival of independence.
Food processing is the way of life in India.
I now conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this important milestone.
Addressing the gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the conference as a new beginning towards the public sector.
The Prime Minister said that the distinguished reputation earned in the past is not enough, but it is also extremely important to adapt to the emerging challenges.
The new ray of the new year is bringing a resolution of new successes.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play an important role in the development of Asia.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for overall development.
In many parts of the country, our jawans and farmers had stood up in protest against injustice, showing their bravery.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque to mark the service for the 3 billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Temple.
This year also, let us try to organize 'Run for Unity' in our village, town, city, metropolis.
The MoU on the proposed development of a fertilizer plant in Malaysia and the import of additional urea from Malaysia to India is a welcome development.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as women entrepreneurship and women empowerment.
He said that through this conference, the top police officers get a holistic view in understanding the problems and challenges.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the birth centenary celebrations of Nanaji Deshmukh tomorrow (October 11, 2017) at IARI, Pusa, New Delhi.
Respected Chairman, On behalf of the House and the countrymen, many congratulations and best wishes to you!
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by Left Wing Extremism in 2016-17.
India can proudly say that in India's army, not only the male power in the armed forces, but also the female power is contributing equally.
Under the able leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to touch new heights of achievement.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, etc.
He said the award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar's words that we must build a social democracy along with our political democracy.
In fact, the incident was not only underestimated but was also an attempt to hurt our self-esteem.
I will be in Jakarta on 29 May at the invitation of the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be visible.
Value addition in tourism will only happen when we try to be a learner and not just a visitor.
The poison of casteism, the poison of sectarianism, can never do good to the country.
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefits to the poor and the downtrodden under the scheme.
In the evening, the Prime Minister visited various routes in the city to evaluate development works in Varanasi.
1. Exchange and training of doctors, officials, other health professionals and specialists.
The MoU will create a mechanism and help in increasing scientific collaboration between R & D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
On the eve of this Republic Day, I congratulate the bravehearts and their families who have been honoured with various gallantry awards.
We are also working tirelessly with mutual cooperation to mainstream solar energy as an international solar alliance.
The Prime Minister said that India considers Israel an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
Gurus are highly respected in our society.
Our partnership in the energy sector is an important bridge in our engagement.
However, in relation to these food parks, our goal is to connect the agro-processing cluster with the main production centre.
The Prime Minister said India is rapidly moving towards becoming a gas-based economy.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for his condolences and offer of assistance.
The ability of the NDRF to handle the situation with their commitment and quick decisions has become a new center of reverence for every Indian.
Today, Mudra Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entrepreneurs.
He had also released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
He worked better for Delhi's progress, especially to ensure better infrastructure.
The Prime Minister also spoke of the immense tourism potential in the North Eastern Region.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Babu Jagjivan on his birthday.
I pray to God for the recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is no more with us.
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
This is the fourth such event in a series of interactions by the Prime Minister through video bridge with beneficiaries of various government schemes.
Best wishes.
But we are in independent India.
Our relations continue to be on an upward trajectory.
5. Both countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and encourage the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency, and openness in inter-state relations.
The government has taken several steps to increase investment.
This will provide the necessary impetus to enhance bilateral trade and investment relations.
His game has made us all proud.
We remember with pride the sacrifice of our army.
The Special Notified Zone at Bharat Diamond Bourse has come into existence with effect from November, 2015.
Together, we will build an India where youth and women will have ample opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
Start-ups are exempt from paying income tax for 3 years.
The sale of Khadi gift coupons has registered a growth of around 680% during Diwali.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke about the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
Today we remember and salute their courage.
Who does not know the struggle for the independence of Bangladesh in 1971.
The Air Force also gave a befitting reply to the enemy in 1965.
We are bringing the Goods and Services Tax law to create a unified national market.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the government would provide them with all necessary assistance and facilities.
The Prime Minister said India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from 2nd October.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana envisages water for every farm.
India can be a better partner in this regard.
This time the golden jubilee of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets to improve the country's tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lankans, and touches your lives as well.
b) An apex post of Controller General of Communications Accounts (CGCA) will also be created.
A large number of private companies are also connecting with the portal.
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and their invaluable services.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sectors.
All these great men toured India extensively.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
The Prime Minister then flagged off the "Run for Unity" from the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
Under this, more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance cover of more than $7,000 per year.
This Rudraksha will be a garland of affection from Japan for Varanasi.
He was an effective voice for the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
The funds will be used for repair, maintenance and strengthening of roads, highways, bridges and other infrastructure.
When I read Savarkar ji's' Maji Janmathe ', a book, it inspired me to visit the Cellular Jail.
The energy intensity of economies will change with a focus on green energy and energy efficiency.
59. Both sides committed to further strengthen nuclear non-proliferation at the global level.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that now more and more people have access to generic medicines, which has not only reduced the cost of healthcare but has also saved many precious lives.
It will facilitate effective institutional interactions between India and Thailand.
Our brave martyrs have sacrificed their lives.
We are also looking at various strategies for better waste management.
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
As far as 2017-18 is concerned, 55 percent of the total expenditure of 64 thousand crore rupees i.e. about 35 thousand crore rupees has been spent on works like water conservation.
The Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity by building national corridors and highways.
Nikki Haley conveyed US President Trump's best wishes to Prime Minister Modi during the meeting.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed his best wishes to all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
It is rapidly helping agencies and this makes it easier for citizens to get in touch with the relevant authorities.
Several events are being held across the country to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhi.
Therefore, I am surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has made a bilateral visit to Portugal so far.
This will benefit both countries.
He said that people should get to know about the local history and the archaeology of their cities and regions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jharkhand, at a function in Sindri.
The Prime Minister directed the insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess the losses and pay compensation to the affected families and beneficiaries under social security schemes within a stipulated time.
Calling for a focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an important step in this direction.
But we know that we have restricted democracy to the ballot paper.
The progress of important projects in road and railway sectors such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, Kozhikode-Banihal Tunnel, Chenab Railway Bridge and Jiribam-Imphal Project were reviewed.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in the region.
The Prime Minister said that technology is beneficial only if it benefits the common man.
This will not only facilitate the movement of trains but will also help in the all-round development of the Bundelkhand region.
Most of the beneficiaries said that their standard of living has improved significantly.
The Prime Minister mentioned his PRAGATI initiative for project monitoring.
12. Training and research of food industry operators.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investments will continue to be my top priority.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in the region.
These achievements have been made ahead of some major recent reforms.
My condolences to those who lost their loved ones in the loss of lives due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
He said that Kashi is now emerging as a health centre.
In a few days, we will celebrate the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
This reduces their productivity.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siachen where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Abdullah expressed appreciation for India's continued support to Afghanistan in its infrastructure development and capacity building.
Public Ganesh Utsav had become an effective medium of carrying forward the traditional reverence and celebration as well as the spirit of social-awakening, collectivity, harmony and equality among the people.
Since last month, he has started listening to 'Mann Ki Baat' in regional languages soon after my 'Mann Ki Baat' was completed.
He said that the government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
I look forward to my meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
My dear countrymen, the Neelakurinji flower blooms once in 12 years in our country.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for providing technical and financial assistance for the project.
We need to ensure that high standards of disaster safety are followed in their construction.
The government and people of Japan have shown great affection for me and my country.
The entire world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
Both sides agreed to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on a priority basis.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty at the fastest pace.
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and that too in 'Mann Ki Baat', I want to share with you an anecdote related to Netaji's life.
He requested the children that the praise and fame you are getting should not become a hindrance in your future progress.
Life goes on that you have got a sense of mission and that is your sense of ambition, is there any synergy happening between your mission and ambition?
Talking about the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand its importance very well.
He is currently travelling to various parts of India as part of an initiative called 'Vatan Ko Jano'.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
You will be happy to know that the productivity of the Lok Sabha was 118% and that of the Rajya Sabha was 74 per cent.
We are the fourth-largest producer of wind power and the fifth-largest producer of solar power.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
And so the weight of points that it carries also sometimes prevents us from going in the right direction.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
The Prime Minister said that he wants to warn the country that some elements are trying to create undue pressure on the judiciary.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic fumes.
The Prime Minister said that if someone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his chief minister's tenure and going to a place will shorten his tenure, then such a person is not at all entitled to become the chief minister.
That is why Swami Vivekananda said, "The extension of life is the contraction of death."
Many congratulations to daughter Shivangi.
Brothers and sisters, Today our country is full of food grains.
This is change.
Issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange were discussed.
He assisted in the publication and dissemination of Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
197 million bank accounts were opened in a year.
It is a matter of happiness for us that after his recovery, our Arun ji is also among us today.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to the same goal of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Prime Minister extended his heartiest congratulations to all those associated with this magnificent feat.
Referring to the achievements in the field of sanitation, the Prime Minister said that since 2014, the coverage of clean areas has increased from 40 per cent to 80 per cent.
He said that this decision will pave the way for a huge amount of money in the development of mineral-rich districts.
The Prime Minister spoke of the work being done towards modernising the transport infrastructure.
From Itanagar, the Prime Minister will return to Guwahati.
Soundarya Lahari is a collection of shlokas compiled by Adi Shankaracharya.
Even the most ordinary citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different kind of, a divine feeling.
In fact, we have now entered what many have dubbed the 'Asian Century'.
We are confident that our people will be the decisive partners in our endeavour to create responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that development is the best solution to all forms of violence.
The Prime Minister also said that Bhuj, like other metros of Gujarat, will have a modern bus port.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
For a strong partnership base, we support thriving bilateral trade and investment flows.
Today we are gathered here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
Before I begin, I would like to share with you some of the recent notable achievements of our scientists in India.
Our armed forces have always displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
Our ancestors have lived it for centuries.
The results of these efforts are now showing.
It gives me special pleasure to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Honourable Ministers of Malaysia and Mauritius to this event.
He complimented the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir open defecation free in September 2018.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
Because Indonesia, the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism, and social harmony.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in the discharge of his new responsibilities.
My dear countrymen, 'Mann Ki Baat' has been appreciated and criticized.
You're right.
Friends, It is also very heartening to see the United Nations come forward as an ally in this entire process.
Keeping this in mind, the central government is also running the Sagarmala program.
He also spoke of several other projects, including roads and Namami Gange related projects, which were either inaugurated or the foundation stone was laid today.
Shri Gobind Singh believed that the greatest service was to alleviate human suffering.
He said that Varanasi has a lot of tourism potential and all efforts should be made to keep the city clean.
He called upon the children to study hard and develop interest in sports at the same time.
It ensured that crores of Indians were brought under the umbrella of 'One Nation and One Constitution'.
This is the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand, on their Statehood Day.
These experiences will enrich your life.
We need to support such initiatives through policies and actions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
Being a market economy, our needs and strengths complement each other.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
For this, they need a lawyer who specializes in arbitration.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the players to use technology to improve their performance.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
He said India is creating records in the startup sector on the strength of the talent of its youth.
Preparing hospitals for the exchange of good facilities;
It contributes to our energy security.
Strategic partnership
I had appealed to change the brain-drain to brain-gain.
The Prime Minister interacted with various beneficiaries of government schemes through video bridge for the fifth time.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that there is a long interaction between the senior-most and the junior-most officers.
Seven countries in the Asia Pacific region are among the top ten countries with the highest number of deaths due to the disaster.
I will meet with President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other distinguished dignitaries.
He said that the officers present in today's conference have provided the right leadership despite working in an atmosphere of negativity.
The two leaders also agreed to jointly contribute to sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development and food security and others in a positive and constructive manner.
As soon as you see it, your disappointment will turn into faith.
Therefore, the gems and jewellery sector is the biggest example of the potential of 'Make in India' and 'Skill India'.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram through video conferencing.
Speaking about the progress made so far towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed so far.
They will not be spared.
Armed forces all over the world know the importance of supply chains.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Jawans security forces deployed along the border.
In a way, the whole of India received his blessings.
At a public meeting in Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to account holders under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those working for the memorial.
Communication between us has increased at every level.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
We aspire for peace and prosperity for all.
It provides for frameworks and conducive environment for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies, etc.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
These mountains here automatically inspire yoga and Ayurveda.
I hope these plastics will continue the exemplary work of curbing pollution.
He will also launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of developmental works at the district level.
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the protection of these forts.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining "zeal" in the cooperative movement, which he said still persists to a large extent in rural areas.
He said that Amul is not only associated with milk processing but is also a great model of empowerment.
So far, progress data of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries have been displayed on this portal.
The central government is constantly and closely monitoring the flood situation in Kerala.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the rail, road, petroleum and power sectors.
The procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified.
Speaking about Shri Pranab Mukherjee, he said, "Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
I would once again urge you to take the campaign of Khadi further and increase it.
On a mutually agreed date, the award will be presented to Mr. Modi by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation.
It aims to create a minimally mobile community and bring public transport closer to transit.
All responsible persons associated with the subject in the government have been asked to focus on normalising the banking system.
Addressing a public event to mark 75 years of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose hoisting the Tricolour on Indian soil, the Prime Minister released a commemorative postage stamp, coin and First Day Cover.
I wish the injured a speedy recovery.
I congratulate the crores of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
It will also contribute to the economic development of Kochi.
As of August 2017, Indian troops have served in about 50 of the UN's 71 worldwide peacekeeping operations.
In addition, working capital loans on digital transactions have been asked to be increased from 20 per cent to 30 per cent.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical events is.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen on all these festivals.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and at the Centre.
I commend the Ministry of Urban Development under the leadership of Venkaiah ji for the Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever.
A comprehensive rapid transit system is therefore necessary to cope with the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
The Prime Minister mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had unfurled the tricolour 75 years ago.
Both sides emphasised the importance of continuing the multilateral dialogue on the subject within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional forums.
The central government is also emphasizing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
This month of October is the month to remember so many of our great men.
There is no dearth of talented lawyers and judges in India.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in the state due to various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mudra Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Scheme, and Saubhagya.
I have been saying that this is the twenty-first (21st) century of Asia.
During the last two financial years, we achieved about $55 billion in FDI.
This is how he brought our beloved tricolour closer to the masses.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
Referring to the honesty shown by the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest traders and workers through GST, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
This is the session when the country has got an opportunity to elect a new President and a new Vice President.
7. Deployment of a mid-level health provider at the sub-centre level who is trained in primary health care and public health capacity.
It is due to these efforts that we have been able to increase our ranking from 142 to 77 in the Ease of Doing Business.
He taught people the importance of cleanliness and service through his works.
He also asked senior officers of the central government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
I am confident that today's discussions and decisions will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
We stand in full solidarity with Portugal in this hour of grief.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path of wellness from illness.
1.25 billion Indians look forward to welcoming the leaders of ASEAN countries as our chief guests at India's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
Our beloved leader, the former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji, had clearly said that human rights are not an alien concept to us.
He told the medal winners that their performance has made India proud.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands in December.
It is said that the inspiration was Sister Nivedita.
The world today is also grappling with the twin challenges of terrorism and climate change.
I congratulate the Ecological Protection Organization and their entire team and the citizens of Chandrapur.
The first requirement for a healthy life is cleanliness.
He told the students that they should think of innovative solutions to the problems faced by the people.
India is also working on e-mobility.
He said that enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close mutual cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
Everyone says this, but do we have any responsibility?
48. Together, we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfils the dream of Swaraj.
Action against corruption
Both sides took stock of the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
He stressed that 'We, the People', that is, we the people, must also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian - the Constitution - has for us.
In this context, he referred to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
He also spoke about the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
Non-communicable diseases, including cardiovascular disease and cancer of children;
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre would play an important role in spreading Dr. Ambedkar's vision and education.
Thanks to the immense energy of the youth of our country, we are projecting India as a global manufacturing hub.
This interaction programme of the Prime Minister covered more than one crore women representing different groups.
Referring to the 10 per cent reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister said it was a step in the right direction.
Noting the cultural significance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the matter is currently sub judice.
People are writing letters from far and wide.
As part of the government's plan to ensure clean drinking water supply for all, the Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of a pipeline water supply scheme in rural areas of the Bundelkhand region.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature conservation and conservation.
He changed the fate of not only himself but also of his region through organised efforts.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with a new resolve, with a new determination, all of you must have come together once again in your daily life.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
In this regard, he mentioned the agreement for units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
A Thai Navy jawan also lost his life in the entire operation.
This is the vision shared by me, President Xi, and Prime Minister Li.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Finland on Environmental Contribution.
His father raises his family by picking garbage.
The proposed bill will ensure greater transparency in the government's nomination of workers' representatives to tripartite faculties.
Kerala also has some of the oldest colleges, schools, and libraries in the country.
The birthplace is in Patna, the karmabhoomi is in North India and the last moment of life is in Nanded.
The Prime Minister said that student organisations should give more importance to cleanliness during the campaign for university elections.
He said that as a society, it is imperative to stay connected with our history.
It gives me immense pleasure to be among the global leaders and manufacturers of the food processing sector.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
All these are aimed at bringing about sweeping changes in the country and paving the way for the creation of a 'New India'.
Historically, temples have played a significant role in our society.
My dear countrymen, the coming few months are very important for farmer brothers and sisters.
The Prime Minister stressed that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel and his contribution to the building of our nation.
Cash withdrawals from ATMs and banks have also been capped for a short period of time.
The tenth Guru of the Sikhs - Guru Gobind Singh has been a source of inspiration for the people through his teachings and ideals.
Today, in the 22nd meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards resolution and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
Brothers and sisters, In this year's budget, a big decision has been taken to give farmers a fair price for their crops.
He said that German innovation and Indian young start-ups can provide dynamism in the field of space.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted all citizens on National Voters' Day.
He said inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world's largest mass movement.
But someone has to take this decision for the sake of the country.
Package of twelve services for free universal screening for common NCDs.
"We are constantly trying to simplify processes for small businesses.
The beneficiaries explained how the reduction in the cost of heart stents and knee implants has transformed their lives.
He did incredible work to serve the refugees in Delhi after partition.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
Many of our festivals uniquely embody the spirit of saving rivers and water.
Satyagraha movement was first started in Champaran 100 years ago in 1917 under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
He said that Gujarat's development journey has seen a lot of positive changes in the last two decades.
The Prime Minister stressed the need for an institutional mechanism that provides for excellence in sports jumps.
The MoU provides an opportunity for Indian Railways to exchange latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector.
It is painful to see people affected by a disaster.
I hope that at every level, at all times, as much emphasis is placed on rights as on duties.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres such as Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as priority sites for arbitration.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with IPS probationers of the 2015 batch.
Previously, eighty to ninety large merchants had access to the world's raw diamonds through Belgium, Africa, and Israel.
If these suggestions are in the interest of our country, we will definitely consider them.
At the same time, a scheme was launched to unearth black money.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards furthering national integration.
The government is also working towards the goal of every person in the country having their own house by 2022.
I am confident that a strong India and a strong Japan will also bring stability to Asia and the world.
The Prime Minister said the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme will transform the health sector.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
I assure that the Government of India is committed to extend all necessary support to the state's efforts in combating these diseases.
In just a few hours, we will all welcome the New Year of 2017.
I especially welcome and thank the 15 partner countries of this edition of Vibrant Gujarat.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, new zeal, new enthusiasm, new energy.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions so that commercial matters can be settled at the earliest.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world are fixed on India and yoga for a permanent solution to these problems.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to a very dear event.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers to the workforce have the necessary skills so that they can contribute to the 21st century economy.
The Paika Rebellion was waged in Odisha against the British Raj in 1817.
We are the second largest exporter of shrimp in the world.
During the last three years, my Government has paid special attention to the overall infrastructure development of the country.
Under this mission, an insurance cover of up to 5 lakh per family per year will be provided for hospitalization in the second and third phases.
He also said that this will instill confidence among the common people which is the key to a 'New India'.
Both these places are visited by a large number of pilgrims every year.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their gurus, mentors and coaches, and their teachers who have guided them since childhood.
Mrs. Kim, First Lady of the Republic of Korea, congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize.
He said that the commitment of India and Bangladesh against cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
In India, as in most emerging economies, our challenge will grow both horizontally and vertically.
As I speak to you today, the holy month of Ramadan has begun.
The central government will release an immediate financial assistance of 325 crore to Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
Today, we live in an interconnected world.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
The Prime Minister said that there is immense potential in the tourism sector and the world is keen to visit India.
Speaking on the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and development and will yield results soon.
Speaking to the media at the Ahmedabad airport, the Prime Minister said that Gujarat has faced heavy rains in the last week.
MGNREGA, which is funded by the Government of India for water conservation and water management, has been well received by some.
He complimented Prime Minister Abe for launching the project in such a short span of time.
They have unique powers and insights.
The remarkable work done by Captain Nishad for the empowerment of the poor will always be remembered.
This love of yours is like a blessing.
He said that dynamic change is needed to bring about a change in the system.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to meet these goals.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, his father encouraged him by putting all possible means into it.
Areas of youth-based cooperation include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organizations, and government officials in charge of youth-related policymakers from one country to another.
Another example of a broader scale is India's renewable energy programme.
"Bhupen Hazarika's songs and music have been admired by people from generation to generation.
Today everyone is joining this campaign of Fit India.
Social media is changing disaster response.
Now we have reached the information age.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are strong examples of this.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Your children have benefited from this.
The Prime Minister said, "It gives me immense pleasure to join the closing ceremony of the Narmada Seva Yatra at Amarkantak in Madhya Pradesh tomorrow afternoon.
Through Make in India, we are giving a platform to global companies to produce in India and make better use of the huge human resources here.
This decision of the government will give more loans to small shopkeepers, small industries.
Reiterating his vision, the Prime Minister said that facilitators are a strong and important part of promoting bilateral relations between the regions and provinces of the two countries.
There are more challenges ahead.
Bilateral cooperation in the food processing sector between India and Japan will mutually benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
My dear countrymen, next month, I will be among you again for the next 'Mann Ki Baat'.
We have removed bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these areas.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of Rail Coach Factory Sonipat.
On 26th January, our 'Republic Day' was celebrated by all of us with zeal and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the country.
A law was passed in 2015 for disclosure of money in foreign bank accounts.
At this time, the entire country stands with the people of the North East.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he himself is experiencing how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America.
It's a good start.
Shri Modi said that young athletes should motivate the youth in their schools and villages to take up sports.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
Excellencies, I warmly recall our meeting in August 2015 and February last year.
I hope this will help us move forward.
There are several important features of this metro project.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory regime to ensure the protection of their investments.
During a public meeting, he flagged off the 900th coach and a Humsafar rake.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in the world.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distance between the two cities, but will also bring people living hundreds of kilometers away closer to each other.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stand on the issue of triple talaq.
Since the Council was formed fifty years ago, the industry in India has progressed rapidly.
Supply chain efficiencies are critical in any manufacturing enterprise.
Now the effort is to get the banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
Five new metro rail projects have been approved which will lead to the construction of a 140 km long metro line.
 The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings, including multilateral events.
State governments should take strict action against those who are resorting to violence in the name of cow protection.
In a way, it is a period full of very important events in the life of the nation.
The delegation strongly supported the Prime Minister's goal of making India a $5 trillion economy in the near future.
My Government's Act East Policy places the region at the heart of cooperation.
India and Portugal are also strong partners on the international stage.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor of the society, especially women from rural sections.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana has provided risk insurance to crores of people who desperately need it.
Our domestic market is fragmented.
Everyone remembers the UN's efforts to establish peace in the world, its positive role.
We have full faith in the valour and bravery of our soldiers.
In this direction, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
The Prime Minister talked about topics such as climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of the discussion.
Friends, Till now, importers from India had to go abroad to see and buy raw diamonds.
I would also like to express my gratitude to UNCTAD for taking this initiative of India forward with strength and playing an active role in bringing it to this form.
He said the central government attaches the highest importance to the development of eastern India.
He hoped that the medal winners would not get lost in the glare of fame and awards and would focus all their attention on excellence.
He said the central government has decided that the minimum support price (MSP) for all scheduled crops will be at least 1.5 times the cost.
He also said that fuel burnt due to delays while crossing state borders will now be saved and will also benefit the environment.
An exhibition on state-of-the-art or futuristic technologies and space exploration will be held which will present an appropriate vision of the future of space travel.
India is going through many major changes today.
The Prime Minister also urged them to focus and work hard towards their goal of reaching the podium in the upcoming Olympics.
First of all, I express my deepest condolences to those who have died due to the recent earthquake in Aceh.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will also not lag behind any other state in this race, and will keep pushing and moving forward.
Jan-Dhan Kranti is the historic movement to bring the poor, the oppressed and the underprivileged into the financial mainstream.
Secretary Carton briefed the Prime Minister on the decisions taken in June this year and the progress made towards the discussions.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in knowing about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who sacrificed for this country.
As close neighbours, our relations span many layers.
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on "Technology and Rural Life."
In order to fulfill this motto of Sabka Saath-Sabka Vikas, the government is bringing some new schemes for 125 crore citizens of the country on New Year's Eve.
He said that this event has been organized to honour the women Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to the cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
Nordic solutions in non-polluting technologies, sea-based solutions, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences, and agriculture were discussed.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits of 100 young people from science-related academic disciplines.
And in that very first meeting of ours, I had experienced his enthusiasm and affection for India.
Every athlete who represented India at the Commonwealth Games-2018 inspires us.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
130 crore Indians will give a befitting reply to every such conspiracy, every such attack.
He announced immediate release of additional assistance of Rs 500 crore under SDRF.
We have taken steps like issuing electronic visas to promote tourism.
He said that the drastic reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean is largely due to Indian military might and our international partnership.
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market, and macroeconomic stability.
More than 90% of approvals are automatically routed.
In the 'Swachhata Hi Seva' movement, we can see how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country.
A few days ago, we all must remember that ISRO had successfully launched 'GSAT-19'.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Central Government Ministries.
The Molecular Oncology Department of the institute was declared a "Centre of Excellence" by the Central Government in 2007.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum and exhibition, and the visitors' gallery.
The presentation on 'Energy and Environment' included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
The Prime Minister will then reach the 'Wall of Unity' and inaugurate it.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
During the last three years, we have worked tirelessly on the ease of doing business front.
14. Other areas of cooperation as mutually decided.
Consequences of convening the budget session
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the central government that have led to a reduction in the price of medicines and a reduction in the price of stents.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign is underway to provide a permanent house to the poor in cities and villages.
This will promote and propagate the traditional medicines of India in Colombia.
The duplication of such process by various departments for recognition of trade unions at the central and state level will be prevented.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a section of the new Magenta Line of the Delhi Metro on 25 December.
It was with this spirit when I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat that I launched a similar movement called 'Vanche Gujarat'.
2nd October of this year has another special significance.
Prime Minister Modi laid the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over the Brahmaputra River.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
He referred to the various steps taken by the Central Government against black money, including the demonetisation of currency, in the last three years, and the crackdown on elements indulging in corruption.
18. It will be aligned with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
I congratulate all the athletes who are coming back with medals.
We have launched the Ujjwala scheme, providing cooking gas to 50 million families.
This will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries, and commercial units.
He laid the foundation stone of the institute in April 2015.
My dear countrymen, I am not a yoga teacher.
Referring to the vision to transform the health sector, the Prime Minister said that the vision of the government in this regard is to find solutions on a large scale, rather than being confined to just one area.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the central government.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the budget to meet this objective.
The remaining land will be managed as per the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
A number of conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
Our present encourages us to work together.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of a 425 km long railway track doubling project on the Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsain-Khairar sections.
Your generation has also faced constant hardships.
Promoted to create infrastructure and the Government of India has implemented the 'Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana'.
In this context, he also discussed his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka this morning on 17 October 2018.
What tortures the freedom fighters must have suffered.
He said Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will be beneficial for farmers in growing fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, onions and potatoes.
The establishment of the Chair on Paika Rebellion at Utkala University Bhubaneswar was announced.
He listed several initiatives, including the introduction of GST, auction of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to progress around the world, but retain their Indianness.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss an opportunity to meet each other.
Friends, This is the first conference of its kind in this part of the country.
When you read inside, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of an ordinary person by using technology smartly and creatively.
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
Under this scheme, more than 10 crore families will be provided health insurance of 5 lakh per family every year.
This new tradition of public participation for our country... It is our effort to take the country forward through public participation.
You have imbibed our culture and made it your own.
It was during his tenure that the timing of the presentation of the budget was changed.
He said that the award also indicates the priorities of the government.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro and undertook a brief walk on the new Metro line.
Atal ji was a true patriot.
He also elaborated on how all government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the northeastern states.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfer for 59 different schemes.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
"Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful test firing of Agni-V.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
In this Town Hall program, I got an opportunity to talk to crores of students, their parents, teachers of the country and abroad through technology.
I had two memorable meetings recently.
Interacting simultaneously with beneficiaries and store owners across more than 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that to ensure the availability of high-quality medicines at low prices, the government has taken two major steps.
It is not possible if the family in the family always denies the child and expects the neighbourhood to respect the child.
The Prime Minister will release the Innovation and Startup Policy for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
I once again extend my best wishes to everyone.
He believes that the simultaneous rise of India and China as two large economies and important powers, including strategic and decision-making freedom, is of regional and international importance.
First of all, many congratulations to all of you for the International Conference on such an important topic as Consumer Protection.
According to estimates by the World Bank and IMF, this momentum will continue.
Our discussions covered all aspects of the bilateral relationship.
I have innumerable fond memories with him.
The Prime Minister will formally inaugurate the Bhagavad-gita by opening its pages.
I also want to make a special mention of the hard work of the jawans of the NDRF.
Both sides welcomed the setting up of a pharmaceutical plant by the Advanced Pharma Company in Russia.
Not only this, we are the sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
The passing away of Mr. Hawking is sad.
Giving a befitting reply to those who mocked the Prime Minister's Swachhta Abhiyan announcement from the Red Fort, he said that today due to the elaboration of the Swachhta Abhiyan, 97 per cent of the population now has access to clean toilets.
He started practicing in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional, taxation and company matters.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but has now expanded to the capitals of our states.
The committee has also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to make the government machinery corruption-free through demonetisation and anti-corruption measures.
We want to build land, sea and air connectivity in the region.
He will attend functions to mark the completion of one year of the state government.
Electricity reached every village of the country.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
Working together, we want to take our mutual relations to a future-oriented partnership for people, prosperity and peace.
The ban on jallikattu imposed by the Supreme Court was discussed during the meeting.
Both sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties within the SCO.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time, to give a new direction to their lives.
He said Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
In August 2016, a strict set of rules were put in place to curb benami transactions.
My best wishes to the entire team and support staff, on behalf of the countrymen.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help in resolving the matter related to the terrorist attack.
See how many times in the last few minutes I have used such words as the best ever, the most brilliant ever.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where piped cooking gas is being provided.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian military personnel by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
I hope the industry will be in constant touch with him.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of the tribes during the next five years.
ASI has carried out several major conservation works in various countries of Asia.
He appealed to all present to work towards 100% sanitation coverage by Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, 2nd October, 2019.
It has the potential to create a better society and nation.
Be it relief and rescue work or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their commendable work.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officers to interact with each other.
There will also be a very good contribution from all parties.
Health and wellness centres are an important part of the Ayushman Bharat scheme to ensure holistic health.
It was a constant act of demeaning our culture and making us feel inferior.
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country is today seeing how the vision of next-generation infrastructure is rejuvenating the country's transport infrastructure.
It works to connect
The world has seen price fluctuations for a long time.
The Prime Minister said steps such as the Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
At an event in Bhopal earlier this month, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humanitarian aspects in our brave jawans.
The interest rate on these will also be lower as the cost of the guarantee is borne by the central government.
We now count among the most open countries in terms of foreign direct investment (FDI).
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovations have an important role to play in bringing the people of India and Israel closer.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
Friends, In my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very wide.
His visit is significant for both countries as our strategic partnership completes a decade.
The Prime Minister began the virtual consecration of the statue by pressing the button.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skill development, urban planning, and artificial intelligence.
The redressal of public grievances in 17 areas was also reviewed.
It is playing a huge role for Gramodaya.
First of all, on behalf of the House and on my own behalf, I heartily congratulate the newly elected Deputy Chairman, Shri Harivansh ji.
Barriers previously encountered during the decision-making process and approval have been removed.
It seems to be a question of life and death.
It will have separate programmes on village development, poor welfare and social justice across India.
After a disaster, the entire world will have to take responsibility for it.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
The former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam ji always talked about Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development when he spoke to the youth.
A training institute is also being built along with the high-speed rail project.
The Prime Minister reiterated India's commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan in its efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
There is no dearth of talent in the country.
A Chair for Indian Studies has been established at the University of Lisbon.
In the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in terms of complaints and redressal related to post offices and railways.
I hope that Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation will have a memorable stay in India.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional assistance to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
Referring to the family and collective traditions of the islands, he said this has been the strength of Indian society for a long time.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
Addressing an enthusiastic crowd on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that today Motihari is witnessing the same spirit of mass movement that was seen in the Champaran Satyagraha a century ago.
In the movement of the freedom struggle, every sector of the society, every section of the people dedicated themselves to the call of Mahatma Gandhi.
Highlighting the importance of healthcare and wellness, the Prime Minister said that health is the basis of all success and prosperity.
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even in the case of regional cooperation between like-minded countries, the sky has no bounds.
The Prime Minister assured them of India's full and constructive support in successfully discharging their new responsibilities.
Diversity calls for celebration; not confrontation.
He said that as soon as new laws are made, the old laws should be reviewed and if unnecessary, the old law should be done away with.
A lot of people have written to me showing their support for this, sent letters, also shared their fitness mantra - Fit India stories on social media.
The most important role on this historic occasion is that of Chartered Accountants.
Every young player is the identity of New India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Y4D New India Conclave in New Delhi.
I see immense potential for investors that has not yet been tapped.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will provide all possible assistance to the states affected by the cyclone.
He also said that the government will ensure that adequate agricultural credit is available.
India's position in the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index, and Global Competitiveness Index is also progressing rapidly.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
More than 33 lakh women farmers have been trained through the Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Project.
We are both democratic countries full of diversity.
They leave a deep impression on my mind.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
Let us now join hands much closer and stronger.
57 teams of NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 boats, have been engaged in search and rescue operations.
the exchange of these
The government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 per cent to 25 per cent.
In fact, the 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the people of Japan.
He said that areas near the sea can become the epicentre of our Blue Revolution.
The team is led by captain Mithali Raj.
Chief of the Army Staff General Dalbir Singh was present on the occasion.
The agreement that has just been exchanged will establish this understanding.
In this context, the Prime Minister also talked about the initiatives taken in the field of air connectivity and water connectivity.
Incorporation of 'Mishmi-Kaman' (Mizu Mishmi), Idu (Mishmi) and Tarao (Digaru Mishmi) in serial number 8.
Shri Modi said that medicines are being available at Jan Aushadhi Kendras at 50-90% lower prices than the market rates.
I will also visit religious places that have cultural links with India.
The rapid growth of other systems is in the interest of producers.
Thereafter, he witnessed an audio-visual presentation of the experiences picked up by the selected beneficiaries of the welfare schemes of the Government of India and Rajasthan.
The Prime Minister said that over three lakh companies have come under the scanner due to the investigation of data mining that took place after demonetisation.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode initiative for 100 most backward districts of India.
The great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote Arthashastra 2000 years ago.
It is, therefore, an honour for me to welcome a close friend and ardent supporter of India.
On the arrival of the first inter-country container ship at Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected to the Bay of Bengal by waterways.
Of these, one million are associated with the diamond industry alone.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', All India Radio is also always adding new colours with its imagination.
January, February, March, April - all these months are the testing months in every family.
In fact, it is an act that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even the common man.
Congratulations to our Junior Hockey Team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
The Prime Minister asked to speed up the work related to the redevelopment of railway stations and do constructive work in the field of non-fare revenue.
Institutions also contributed to it in a big way.
Our slogan is more crops, reflections.
Through the interaction, the farmers will get an opportunity to meet the Prime Minister.
In this context, he mentioned various development-oriented initiatives of the government such as Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Japan's role in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridors, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and High Speed Rail underlines scale and speed.
This is not the criterion of your life.
The alliance of Made in India and Made by Japan has already started working brilliantly.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of development of interstate relations in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong advocate of a multilateral trading system.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial transformation but also a social transformation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his birth anniversary.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am happy to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in the off-region areas under this project.
In his address at the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhawan, the Prime Minister described it as a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
You can enjoy a stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the divine environs of Parmarth Niketan.
Through radio, in a way, I meet crores of families every month.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
You must have seen how steps have been taken within 100 hours of the attack.
But if something outside of what you had dealt with came up, a question outside of what you had prepared, you would come down right down.
He said that the government is fulfilling special requirements to bring the North Eastern Region on par with other states of the country.
Dr. Haier was accompanied by senior officials of the bank.
Similarly, nowadays, you see that discussions are going on about holding simultaneous central and state elections in the country.
He exhorted the states to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission to encourage outcome-based allocations and expenditure reform.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
After some time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
He said that Krishi Vigyan Kendras will also play an important role in this direction.
In the last 20 years, 580,000 people have died due to disasters in the Asia Pacific region.
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India has given itself a huge inspiration for the future today.
The grid is part of the government's plan to provide affordable and quality gas to the entire northeastern region.
In modern times, more than 130,000 Indian soldiers have laid down their lives in the world wars of the last century.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
The Prime Minister will address the gathering on the occasion.
Both sides reiterated that being multi-cultural, multi-lingual and multi-religious societies, India and Russia have brought together civilizational wisdom to address today's challenges.
He said a strong America would be beneficial to the entire world.
And so together we will build an India where the poor have a pucca house, electricity, water.
Both for and against the subject, people have their say.
For the first time, the tricolour was hoisted on the 75th anniversary of the Azad Hind Government from the Badalal-Qila of independence.
This has been possible due to the close cooperation between the central government and the state governments as well as all the political parties.
The Government of India has also supported the activities of this foundation.
Record growth in the last two and a half years
As part of this, the government has started training one lakh masons.
Swiss Bank has reported that deposits by Indians have reached an all-time low.
India and Cyprus enjoy close economic relations.
In hockey, India has performed brilliantly to win the Asia Cup hockey title.
From cause lists to case law, the lawyer's library is now a click away from your mobile.
And therefore, brothers and sisters, it is very important to create confidence in the minds of the common man of the country by ending the distortions in our system.
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Prime Minister's National Health Protection Mission.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play an important role in the development of sectors like education, health, employment, skill development, transport, power, sports and tourism.
This will save about Rs 27 lakh worth of fuel per day.
People have also started giving each other Khadi items as gifts.
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
This is why the acceptance of yoga is growing so rapidly around the world.
Recently, our country's beloved poet Neeraj ji left us.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to boost the hydropower sector.
For this purpose, we have launched the "Make in India" campaign.
The Prime Minister laid special emphasis on the shared values between India and Japan.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
Prime Minister Modi said, "I will meet President Halimah Yacob of Singapore on 1 June.
I am happy that Bhupen Da has been awarded the Bharat Ratna.
Road connectivity in rural areas is now 90 per cent.
Under the 'Ayushman Bharat Yojana', the government of India and the insurance company will together spend 5 lakh rupees in 1 year for the treatment of about 10 crore families i.e. about 50 crore citizens.
During the last two-and-a-half years, over Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money was brought into the open.
He further said that human psychology and applied psychology should be important parts of training.
India's ranking has improved due to our efforts towards ease of doing business.
We have come together to shape and support our common activities and efforts in the international context.
Reiterating his resolve to fulfil his dream of a prosperous and developed India, I pay tributes to Atal Ji on behalf of all of us.
A postage stamp on 'Ramayana' was released by him on the occasion.
The construction work of IIT, IIM, AIIMS, is going on at a rapid pace.
He said that implementing it is a complex task that could be the subject of study for the future.
"The benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
The Prime Minister said that if the impure environment is not cleaned, it promotes a situation where one begins to accept the circumstances.
Now the corporatisation of the company has become a matter of a day.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
We have to take people along, people along, every section of the society along, and with that we have to take the country forward.
We will strive tirelessly for our socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
I would also request the listeners of 'Mann Ki Baat' who work on Sanskrit to consider how to take forward Komal ji's suggestion.
If a new era of honesty had not begun in the country, in the country's economy, was it possible?
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
He was appointed a permanent judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28 February 2001.
He said that navies from 50 countries participated in the International Fleet Review organized by the Indian Navy in 2016.
They will also distribute assistive devices to persons with disabilities.
"We salute the bravehearts who laid down their lives during this dastardly attack on Parliament," the Prime Minister said.
This feeling of attachment to the country and love for the countrymen was ingrained in the veins of the great man with a small stature.
Trade and investment relations between us are getting stronger.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Sahakar Sammelan to mark the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar, in New Delhi.
Good health, therefore, refers to a collective effort for individual well-being and the well-being of the environment.
We are determined to do what is sustainable and green.
He said that only those who respect women can truly take pride in the opening words of Swami Vivekananda's address, "Brothers and Sisters of America."
In a natural way, we all experience how things progress.
Now that the Kisan Credit Card will be converted into a RUPAY card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell from his card anywhere.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and United Kingdom on cooperation in the field of law and justice and setting up of a Joint Consultative Committee.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Government of India.
At any time other than farming, he can also earn by selling electricity from solar farming.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of UK Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has created the necessary framework to guide India-UK relations in the days to come.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to actively monitor it with sensitivity.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and its people would emerge stronger and successful from the challenge posed by the floods.
Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
Stable, predictable, and transparent laws and regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
Such efforts create undue difficulties, especially for those in the developed and least developed countries who are at the bottom.
Our bilateral trade is more than 10 billion dollars.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Expo.
For me, Atal Ji's demise is a personal and irreparable loss.
The popularity of these events grew over time.
This is not only the highest ever FDI but also the highest ever increase in India's FDI.
He inaugurated the Swadesh Darshan scheme by unveiling a plaque there.
I see in front of me, a very large number of Bal-Kanhaiya are also present here.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das created history by winning the gold medal in the 400 meters race at the ongoing Junior U-20 World Athletics Championships in Finland.
The practice of yoga creates a sense of oneness - the unity of mind, body, and intellect.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the healthcare needs of the region.
The Army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their facilitators.
There is a need to create mapping related to disasters like earthquakes we need to have widely accepted standards and norms.
The review meeting lasted for about two hours and was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related ministries, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office.
He also mentioned the Defence Production Joint Ventures for the production of Kamov 226 helicopters and frigates.
He said that India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
Shri Modi said that on humanitarian grounds, five solar and one thousand rupee old notes will be accepted for last rites in government hospitals, medicine shops of government hospitals (with doctor's prescription), railway ticket booking windows, government buses, air ticket booking windows, petrol, diesel and gas stations of public sector oil companies, central or state government-approved consumer cooperative stores, state government-approved milk booths, crematoriums and cemeteries.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar's mantra of "Without Sanskar, No Sahakar."
Consumers are also being made aware through the Jago-Grahak Jago campaign.
Rabi sowing this year is 6% higher than last year.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested assistance in areas where technical applications involving high pressure and high temperature are considered relevant for commercial exploitation of natural gas.
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
Earlier, he condoled the loss of lives due to forest fires in Portugal.
Minister of Energy, Saudi Arabia
The MoU will help in enhancing bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
People affected in disaster and after disaster are using social media to help each other.
With the potential of the people, their aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
The National War Memorial also remembers the soldiers who made the supreme sacrifice in peacekeeping missions and anti-anarchy operations.
He said the Muslim community would not allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
Whenever there is talk of hockey in the world, the story of hockey will be incomplete without these great players of India.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
It has become the world's main growth engine.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase the import of fertilizers from Russia.
I believe we are in a moment of great opportunity in our relationship with Sri Lanka.
A high-level Russian delegation will visit India to promote Indian investment in the Far East and to organise an investment road-show.
He dedicated to the nation, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone of various development projects in Rae Bareli.
Adds the sum between this scatter.
Plastic is now becoming the biggest threat to humanity.
This will ensure a thriving energy market for them.
The first 100% literate city and the first 100% literate district are from Kerala itself.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
Recently, 30 nanosatellites have been launched. '
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision for development that all these states are making rapid progress.
Currently, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
The Prime Minister said that the gathering here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
His powerful knock in the semi-finals will always be remembered.
A Drishyakala museum has also been built in this Kranti Mandir.
The two leaders will also make their statements to the media.
My participation in the Summit reflects India's high priority for its neighbours and resolve to continue to deepen our relations with our neighbours in South-East Asia.
In the same period, 11,641 additional habitations have been connected by roads.
Once in Kolkata, during a match, an opposition player hit Dhyan Chand ji on the head with a hockey ball.
He recalled his address during Mann Ki Baat in 2017 in which he had appealed for holding artificial parliaments in districts.
The government is also emphasizing on how to bring more foreign capital to India.
This month, Vedangi Kulkarni, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, became the fastest Asian to cycle around the world.
This time every devotee will also be able to have a pious darshan of Akshaya Vat after the holy bath in the Sangam.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the supply of the world.
His achievement is special because he made his challenge the medium of his success.
The Prime Minister called upon these students to do concrete work in this direction to realize their vision.
The Prime Minister said that the spirit of service is a part of our culture.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM scheme to the 42 crore workers in the unorganised sector of the country.
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the state government, and all other agencies involved in dealing with the flood situation so far.