We now experience how something grows naturally.
Today is the 9thof August.
A glimpse of his life span reflects a glimpse of the entire India.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
The Indian Side welcomed the decision to open an office of the Far East Agency in Mumbai.
During these last days, many great aspects of Atalji came up to the fore.
If a family itself continues to demoralise a child in the family and if that family expects that the kid will be respected in the locality then it is not possible.
At a public meeting at Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana account holders.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
The MoU will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
7. Posting of a Mid-Level health provider at the level of the sub-center who is trained in primary health care and public health related competencies.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
He said the ITI would help empower the youth of the island, with skills.
Atalji was a true patriot.
The 26th of November is our Constitution Day.
But it is good that the monsoon is moving ahead on schedule on its natural course.
The work of building IIT, IIM and AIIMS is speedily going on.
Investments by AIIB in sustainable infrastructure can impact the lives of billions of people.
I am confident that our discussion and decisions today will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
Not only me, whole India and whole South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon’ble President.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
Man must relate to nature, man must revere nature, not merely consider it a resource to be exploited, the Prime Minister asserted.
He encouraged them to devote their energies to work in coordination with other government agencies to improve the quality of life in their villages.
This does not do justice to our rich experience and abundant design talent.
Actually from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Kutch to Kamrup and from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these 3-4 months have examinations galore.
My dear countrymen, in ‘Mann Ki Baat’, All India Radio too infuses myriad novel hues of creativity and imagination.
One can imagine one’s agonizing mental state if her world gets shattered at such a early age!
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
Your children have benefited from this.
And therefore, Swachh Bharat Mission – the quest for clean India – is linked to faith and spirituality in the country.
My dear countrymen, just like every time earlier, I have received a rather large number of letters, e mails, phone calls and comments from you.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event to mark the Centenary Celebrations of Karnatak Lingayat Education Society, at Belagavi.
All these great men travelled widely in India.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
It has been made possible because of close cooperation between the Central Government and all the State Governments as well as all political parties.
If we talk about the three years of this government, then more than 22,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power.
It is, therefore, surprising for me to know that there had never been a bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Portugal.
They gave due priority and importance to each single drop of water.
The President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan His Excellency Dr. Mohammad Ashraf Ghani was warmly welcomed on his working visit to India on 14 & 15 September 2016.
In India, we are upgrading connectivity at all levels.
We particularly focused on implementation of various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
The resulting expansion of health care facilities will lead to the creation of a large number of jobs.
He said the Union Government has got 5 crore toilets built in three years.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took on the reins of weaving a unified India.
The ban imposed on Jallikattu by the Supreme Court came up for discussion.
Prime Minister assured the athletes that Government would provide them adequate support and facilities.
Our defence scientists too, have made India proud.
During the same period a scheme to declare black money was introduced.
We are clearing loans up to Rs one crore in 59 minutes”.
Memories of Diwali celebrations with our security forces in Gurez sector of Jammu & Kashmir will stay long cherished in my heart.
Arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
In this context he mentioned the agreement of Units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
He outlined several other steps that are being taken to improve “ease of access to justice.”
He said the Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play a key role in this regard.
Through Make in India we are offering a platform to Global Companies to produce in India and to make better use of our huge human resource.
The whole country was concerned about saving Tomy.
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
17. Proposed to expand basket of vaccines to all the states.
ii) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control;
Once again, my best wishes to all of you on the occasion of Ramnavami.
He recalled that during Mann Ki Baat in December 2017, he had called for organising Mock Parliaments in the districts.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority areas.
He will also address a public meeting.
He asked officers to come up with an action plan during the Rajasva Gyan Sangam, to eliminate pendency.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
Electricity reached each & every village of the country this year.
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
We are celebrating this Independence Day in a positive atmosphere amidst such positive chain of events.
During Diwali, Khadi gift coupon sales recorded an overwhelming 680 per cent rise.
He was accompanied by the senior officials of the Bank.
62. We will build together an India, where there will be no place for nepotism and corruption.
It seems to become a question of life and death.
But I was also inspired by their courage, ingenuity and resolve to recover from the disaster.
Institutions also extended their contribution enthusiastically.
The Prime Minister explained the significance of both the Intellectual Quotient, and the Emotional Quotient, in the life of a student.
On Citizenship Bill, PM urged people not be carried away by the rumours related to the citizenship bill.
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that adequate Agriculture Credit is available.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
In a few hours, we will be ushering in the new year of 2017.
Student organisations, while campaigning for university elections should give more importance to cleanliness, the Prime Minister said.
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
He said this indicates India’s quest for global benchmarks.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, the Prime Minister said lack of infrastructure is leading to huge losses in the agriculture sector.
He said that people should take a lead in knowing about local history, and archaeology of their towns, cities and regions.
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan’s efforts for building a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
We remember with great pride all the sacrifices made by our Army.
Two days later, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastriji along with respected Bapu’s birth anniversary.
In a befitting reply to those who made a mockery of PM’s announcement of Swachta Abhiyan from the Red Fort, he said that today due to extensive sanitation drive, 97% population has access to clean toilets now.
In view of the importance of the growth of the pharmaceuticals and biopharmaceutical industry in both countries and the importance of mutual cooperation in trade, industry and production in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical sectors, both the countries have been trying to establish a formal mechanism of bilateral cooperation.
He said this spirit brings about a positive change, and engenders a sense of responsibility.
Shri Modi stated that on humanitarian grounds notes of five hundred and one thousand rupees will be accepted at government hospitals, pharmacies in government hospitals (with prescription of a doctor), booking counters for railway tickets, government buses, airline ticket counters, petrol, diesel and gas stations of PSU oil companies, consumer cooperative stores authorized by the state or central government, milk booths authorized by state government and crematoria, burial grounds.
But if we don’t have any trust in our own strength and capabilities then no one will accept it.
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people, on Durga Ashtami celebrations.
I would like to assure that the steps taken by the Government would help India move into a new league in the years to come.
The sugarcane farmers are happy that ethanol production has tripled.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have marked a golden period in relations between the two countries.
Anyway, young friends, you are engrossed in preparing for your exams and here I am, engaging you in matters close to my heart.
At a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana, Sonepat.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that our minds are not ready to believe that Shri Vajpayee is no longer with us.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is necessary for development today.
On the contrary, if one cleans up dirt in the surroundings, he gets energized, and then does not resign himself to existing adverse circumstances.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit, at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar, Gujarat on the 14th of September.
My participation in the Summit symbolises India’s highest priority to our neighbourhood and our strong commitment to continue deepening our relationship with the extended neighbourhood in South-East Asia.
We will fully support this.
Do your best today.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry enjoys immense popularity across the world.
Cyprus is the 8th largest investor in India.
Together we will build such an India which will be clean and healthy, and where the dream of Su-Raj will be fulfilled.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
He said dynamic change is needed to transform the system.
Out-bound tourism from India is growing at one of the fastest rates in the world.
I hope that this will help us in moving forward.
Millions of people take a dip in the holy rivers on theoccasion of MakarSankranti.
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
His phenomenal contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
On 15th August, 2017, they unfurled the tricolour at Khardungla, in Ladakh.
Our players performed magnificently and on the basis of their sterling efforts, India has become the Asia Cup champion after an interval of ten years.
His slogan “Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan” is the hall mark of his grand personality.
Talking of technology, he appealed for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature technology applications are relevant to commercial exploitation of natural gas.
My heartiest greetings to countrymen on this pious, festive occasion.
The whole world observes this as World Yoga Day.
Regular practice of Yoga has a direct bearing on the medical expenses of any family.
Through the UMANG App, more than 100 public services have been made available to the citizens through their mobile phone.
Sometimes it also appears that we are not able to perceive examinations in a proper perspective.
This is indeed, a possession that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even a common person.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
The Prime Minister called for an end to the “chalta hai” attitude of complacency, and its replacement with an attitude of “badal sakta hai” for positive change.
Witnessing the journey that Atal ji started, we while continuing onwards on that very path with a renewed joy will derive great satisfaction in getting ahead.
The bridge will enhance connectivity and greatly reduce travel time between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.
India has jumped 42 places in three years to enter the top hundred in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Report 2018.
I believe that the discussions at this forumwill go a long way in benefitting the world citizens in accessingclean, affordable and sustainable energy.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, the youth will take India to new heights.
He said the Government aims to double income of farmers by 2022.
From the activities launched today, you can see the depth of relationship between the two countries.
The projects reviewed today, include the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, and construction of four new AIIMS at Manglagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra, and Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
It is seen, this situation is coming up even at a comparatively younger age.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee, and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians.
The very name of Shastriji evokes a feeling of eternal faith in the hearts of us, Indians.
PM addressed a public gathering after launching the projects.
These seekers freedom must have gone through immense torture.
India’s biggest tax reform, the GST has been introduced recently.
The visit of Your Excellency provides us with a vital opportunity to take this relationship forward.
Thousands of children made paintings.
The Government is firmly committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
Hence it is fitting that Kochi should have a Metro rail facility.
Powered by the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub.
The Prime Minister noted the impressive technological progress made by Israel, and its long traditions of bravery and martyrdom.
He released a postal stamp on “Ramayana,” on this occasion.
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their last meeting in Malaysia in May 2018.
The Prime Minister recalled Dr. Ambedkar’s words, that we should make our political democracy, a social democracy as well.
He said that he is happy that in the last few years, there has been steady progress towards this goal.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
Captain Nishad’s efforts for the progress of Bihar were noteworthy.
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House, New Delhi.
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha.
Consumers are also being made aware through the “Jago Grahak Jago” campaign.
The Prime Minister said the bridge will bring about a positive change in the lives of the common people.
The first 100 percent literate city and first 100 percent literate district have been from Kerala.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and to forge long term commercial partnerships.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority.
The Prime Minister stressed on the need for an institutional arrangement that enables excellence in sports.
Some listeners send photo graphs of the efforts undertaken by children whereas others mention the role of youth in these efforts.
It will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
v) Hospital twinning for exchange of good practices;
It is also very heartening to see that the United Nations has come forward as a partner in this entire process.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
Agreement on Legal and Judicial Cooperation in Civil and Commercial matter
We look forward to our continued engagement with our development partners including AIIB.
We are keen to scale up investments in next generation infrastructureincluding roads, ports, railways, airports, telecom, digital networks and energy.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
In many parts of the country, our youth and farmers demonstrated their bravery whilst standing up against the injustice.
India has produced many great hockey players.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
Addressing a public meeting, the PM congratulated everyone who has worked for the memorial.
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister described this conclave as a new beginning in the public sector sphere.
The MoU was signed on 31st May 2018.
Your work is like that of an interface between the government and the tax-paying companies and individuals.
In this context, I extend hearty greetings to F.S.S.A.I for this initiative.
Specific actions have to be designed and implemented locally.
Every athlete who represented India at 2018 Commonwealth Games inspires us.
We have added more capacity to renewable energy than conventional energy in 2017.
Now, we have come up with a law against Benami Property.
Officials are working towards providing all possible assistance in the wake of the cyclone.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesiveness in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the world.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
He said that the officers present in the gathering today have delivered leadership, despite often having to operate in an environment of negativity.
The Prime Minister said that Pakyong Airport would greatly ease connectivity to Sikkim.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
In order to convey his ideals, Guru Nanak Dev ji composed the Gurbani.
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom”.
We can see in “Swachhata Hi Sewa” movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country.
They said that the Muslim community would never allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
He will also address ex-servicemen on the occasion.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
This is India’s unique beauty that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
Our armed forces have consistently displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
The Government and the people of Japan have always shown great affection towards me and my country.
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
President Temer’s visit provides an important occasion to work on a roadmap to achieve this.
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
The Army has resolved to wipe out terrorists and their harbourers.
They agreed that this phenomenon presented the single biggest threat to peace, stability and progress in the region and beyond.
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
For these purposes the Sides maintain cooperation between the National Rail and Transportation Institute (Vadodara) of the Republic of India and the Russian University of Transport (MIIT).
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
He said this would greatly help in improving effectiveness of the exercise.
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have been conferred the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
You may recall that even, in the recent Asian Games, India’s performance was par excellence.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
For example, the housing programme in India targets ten million houses in urban areas.
India is now ripe, for a sweet revolution.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
PM said his Government’s drive against black money was a bold and decisive step.
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for devotees coming for the Ardh-Kumbh.
My Dear Countrymen, Namaskar
Sometimes there is a story of an innovation to bring about cleanliness or winds of change that get ushered due to an official’s zeal.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
Everyone talks about this but do we not have any responsibility towards conservation of water?
May all your dreams come true, my best wishes to you.
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel, and his contribution towards the building of our nation.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 71st Independence Day.
Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
Bhagini Nivedita ji also helped the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
In the same vein, he said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh, as much as to India.
They agreed to significantly enhance efforts to build on the convergences through the established mechanisms in order to create the broadest possible platform for the future relationship.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence” in 2007 by the Union Government.
He said the work for the sea wall, once completed, will help protect the island of Car Nicobar.
I appealed to people to give a book instead of bouquet as a greeting.
We salute the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army.
It contributes to our energy security.
Towards this end, we have initiated far-reaching legal reforms.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
In disaster after disaster, affected people are using social media to help each other.
The Prime Minister said that as many as three lakh companies have come under the scanner, in the course of inspecting the data mined after demonetization.
Friends, Yoga has shown the path of wellness to the world from the path of illness.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
BHIM Aadhaar App for digital transaction has come as a surprise to the world.
At this moment, there are expectations and the feelings of a strong response which is quite natural.
After laying the Foundation Stone of the Pakuldul project, the Prime Minister said it is a unique day when one hydropower project has been inaugurated; and the Foundation Stone has been laid for another one.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, was present on the occasion.
The unique festival Chhath Pooja is deeply linked with nature & worshiping nature.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
I pray for the quick recovery of those injured.
He urged the students to think about innovative solutions to the problems faced by people.
He also inaugurated the Super Specialty Block of KIMS in Hubali, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal building in Bangalore and the Women’s Hostel for Students from North Eastern Region at Bangalore University, through the press of button.
The review meeting, which lasted for nearly two hours, was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries, NITI Aayog, and PMO.
He said that these noble causes require close coordination and constant monitoring.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
Positive change has always found space in our country.
It will provide top quality healthcare to the poor, he added.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
With an event of such scale & magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there?
Through Jan Dhan Yojana, social security schemes, MUDRA & Stand-Up India, we have given wings to millions of aspirations.
He will unveil the plaque to mark the serving of 3rd billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir.
I greatly welcome the growing ties between our parliamentarians, and between our states and Japan’s prefectures.
As part of an elaborate launch event for this fortnight long movement, the Prime Minister will interact with a cross-section of people from 18 locations across the country, via video conferencing.
The patience, discipline, and resolve displayed by 125 crore Indians, will play a critical role in shaping the future of the nation for years to come.
Thank you, Nandri.
Our energy partnership, is an important bridge in our linkages.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance, and the joint effort of India and France to this cause.
In the beginning of this year, she was honoured with a Padma Shri.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been lowered, capping on insurance removed, and claims amounts disbursed to farmers have gone up.
Women are already empowered and now getting armed too.
Similarly, you can see that presently efforts are afoot and discussions are being held about simultaneously holding the elections for Lok Sabha and for state assemblies.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
First, the cost of 850 essential medicines were regulated and the prices of heart stent and equipment for knee surgery were reduced.
Cars made in India by a Japanese car maker are already selling in Japan.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
The country salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, wife of Martyr PrasannaSahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi’s commitment to Swachhta.
But whenever I look at the overall outcome of ‘Mann Ki Baat’, it reinforces my belief, that it is intrinsically, inseparably woven into the warp & weft of our common citizens’ lives, cent per cent.
I congratulate the crores of people, particularly the poor, who benefitted from this initiative.
The entire nation stands with the people of Northeast during this time.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Paika Rebellion (Paika Bidroha) was fought against British rule, in Odisha in 1817.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
Guru Nanak Dev ji is not only the first guru of Sikhs; he’s guru to the entire world.
A special Leprosy Case Detection Campaign was carried out in 2016.
You speak one of the oldest-surviving classical languages in the world.
Government of India has initiated the Sagarmala Project keeping it in mind.
In a way, entire India received his blessings.
Speaking about the progress towards this resolve, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore soil health cards have been distributed so far.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
So I would like to know your views concerning the current direction of education and its future course.”
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that we will not ignore or forget the heritage that we have been historically proud of.
It is indeed sad that we kept on calling the events of 1857 only as a rebellion or a soldiers’ mutiny for a very long time.
Dear brothers and sisters, in this very way, some farmers from hilly areas of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for the farmers across the country.
18. Will integrate with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
The Ceylon Estate Workers Education Trust (CEWET) was set up way back in 1947 in order to encourage promising students to continue their studies.
But it is not a test of your life.
He said the trust on the postman remains, despite the advent of modern technology.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet.
This will provide a benefit cover of over 7000 dollars annually to more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea, can become centres of our blue revolution.
He expressed happiness at the large presence of Japanese companies in India.
The dedication of these doctor friends engaged in selfless service is truly worthy of praise.
They expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership will continue to be an important factor for global peace and prosperity.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
As developing countries, we share similar challenges.
It is a time for praying to Ma Durga.
On the side-lines of this event, I hope the delegates joining us from abroad, shall have some time to see the history and splendour of Delhi.
It will also enable assistance in collection of tax revenue claims between both countries.
I pray for a speedy recovery of all those injured due to the train accident.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among like-minded countries.
This very month, 20 year old Vedangi Kulkarni from Pune became the fastest Asian to traverse the globe riding a bicycle.
There was a time in the past where some products from India had achieved a global reputation.
Make headway with this Mantra.
Cultural and People-to-People Links
The Prime Minister offered deepest condolences on his behalf and on behalf of the people of India on the loss of precious lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
Their contributions are deeply valued both in India and in UAE.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
Reiterating our resolve to fulfill his dream of a prosperous and developed India, I along with all of you pay tributes to Atalji.
And now the festival of Eid is here.
Atal Ji’s passing away is a personal and irreplaceable loss for me.
Centre is focusing on the development of infrastructure in the state.
People explained to him, the hardships faced by them on account of the cyclone.
It was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed.
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent, its knowledge, and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled.
A single game is known by distinct names at different places.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa today jointly visited the Champalimaud Foundation in Lisbon.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the beneficiaries expressed happiness with the good quality of medicines available at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
The foundation of good knowledge should be followed by a super-structure of a better society.
The Prime Minister said that the efforts of the Government have led to India emerging as a bright spot in the global economy.
A teacher asked the Prime Minister about what teachers should tell parents who are stressed about the exams of their children, and have unrealistic expectations.
Railways can now contribute in a much better way in meeting the transport needs of the country.
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science, Technology and Innovation across the country, it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
We are the world’s second largest exporter of shrimps.
It is playing a very important role for gramodaya.
23. The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions.
On 10% reservation for the general category poor, the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
They underscored the importance of reform of multilateral financial and political institutions to make them representative and responsive to the needs of developing countries.
These projects are spread over several states including Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
We are also happy to share with you India’s holistic healthcare traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda.
This money will be used in strengthening the facilities like electricity, water, sewage, cleaning and gardens in those 33 cities.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
As per UNCTAD’s World Investment Report, India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
SulagittiNarsamma was a midwife, aiding pregnant women during childbirth.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated their inspirational stories in transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence.
But for me, this is the first time at Def-Expo.
Our brave soldiers have laid down their lives.
Last month, our space scientists created a unique record.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household of the country.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
She has vowed to send her only son to join the CRPF.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
Our foreign exchange reserves of more than 400 billion US dollars provide us enough cushion.
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
• Cow is revered as the mother in our country.
The Prime Minister said that India-Bangladesh relations have been on an upward trajectory in the last few years.
This will be of immense importance to both countries considering their shared cultural heritage.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
He said that a national strategy for creating a robust infrastructure for research in Artificial Intelligence has been prepared a few months ago.
A large number of private companies have been connected to the portal.
The Special Notified Zone at the Bharat Diamond Bourse became operational in November, 2015.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several areas.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
She travelled to various countries and raised her voice against the mischievous propaganda against Sanatan Dharma and ideology.
Another noteworthy aspect of this project is that nearly one thousand women and twenty-three transgenders are being selected to work in the Kochi Metro Rail System.
I experienced his excellent hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
We recognize the need for urgent measures to counter and prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
They can be called “nutrition rich and climate smart” crops.
We will work towards a qualitatively higher level of military-to-military cooperation.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
The time has come for this to be seriously considered and debated.
In this context, he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code.
And finally, bring about greater cohesion in international response to disasters.
They were able to include almost all aspects of Hinduism in only 11 volumes.
We should follow the spirit of helping the poor to be able to light a Diwali lamp.
We are also partners in South Africa’s skill development efforts.
“Sardar Patel devoted his life towards unifying India.
Today, in the twenty-third meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to consumers.
The first one relates to building infrastructure like Highways, Railways etc. while the other is to ensure that the benefits of development reach out to the people.
This is Prime Minister Modi’s second bilateral visit to Germany.
In the isolated regions of the Nilgiri plateau in South India, a small wanderer community Toda make their settlements using locally available material only.
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
Earlier this month, at an event in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had focused on the human element of our brave jawans.
This is not only highest ever FDI but also highest growth in FDI in India.
India’s former President Shriman Abdul Kalamji used to speak of Nanaji’s contribution in rural development while talking to the youth.
New systems are emerging.
Cyprus and India enjoy close economic ties.
Their target is to reach 300 million under-privileged people by 2022.
With this new practice of people’s participation, our effort to take the country forward with people’s involvement will help us to reach our goal.
First of all, I congratulate the newly elected deputy chairman Shriman HarivanshJi on behalf the entire house and myself.
The Prime Minister said that India should showcase its great heritage with pride and confidence, to the world.
I am confident that World Food India will help us take some concrete steps in this direction.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
PM has directed Insurance Companies to hold special camps for assessment & timely release of compensation to the affected families/beneficiaries under Social Security Schemes.
Bringing down the rate from 10 to 5 percent is a bold move.
They sent 104 satellites into space, through a single rocket launch.
• Identified areas of mutual cooperation include safe and sustainable infrastructure and integrated water management.
As on date, integration of datasets of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries has been achieved on this Portal.
We need to ensure that we build it to best available standards of disaster safety.
The MoU will be a step forward in engaging with the institutions of Saudi Arabia to attract a potential investment into the infrastructure sector in the country.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
He expressed confidence that everyone would work together to complete this project in the shortest possible time.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
It is realising it’s true potential and people’s aspirations are being fulfilled at a record pace.
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and PMO, briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
The interaction will provide an opportunity to hear directly from the farmers.
Dedicated Freight Corridors are being developed to mitigate the congestion of our railway network.
The foundation stone of roads under central road fund (CRF) will be laid through the press of button.
With their collective efforts, they have not only changed their own fortunes but have changed fortunes of the whole region.
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
I specially thank you for your phone call.
He credited him with ending the superstition associated with Noida, by coming to this city.
He also dedicated to the nation, inaugurated, or laid the Foundation Stone for various development projects at Rae Bareli.
Inspired by his vision, the ‘National Human Rights Commission’ (NHRC) was formed on 12th October 1993.
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of bilateral visits by 100 young people from science-related educational streams.
India has always stood by Cyprus on all crucial issues.
We agreed to sustain the momentum of our relations in key areas, including energy and investments.
Budget under MNREGA is also utilized for this water conservation activity.
The Facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that these great men are indispensable part of our country’s history.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
His indomitable courage is a source of motivation.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode approach to the 100 most backward districts in India.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
This will not only improve our refining and processing efficiencies but also ensure timely and efficent project completion.
I am delighted to visit this great country once again.
Let us build mechanisms to meet global expectations, he asked the Secretaries.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
Members of the Club des Chefs des Chefs (Club of Presidential Chefs from across the Globe), called on the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today.
I am looking forward to meeting the political leaders and friends in Nepal.
We are now in the information age.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
He thanked all the people who had property around the temple, and have allowed its acquisition for the project.
In the next few weeks various education boards across the country will initiate the process for the board examinations of the tenth and twelfth standards.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the Kochi Metro, and travelled briefly on the new metro line.
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
This will enhance mutual trust and trade.
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance.
Today, we have with us Ministers from several African countries.
He also encouraged the jawans to innovate, so that their routine tasks and duties become easier and safer.
They have always displayed a unique spirit in times of natural calamities like storms, cyclones, floods and forest fires to extend full assistance to our countrymen.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
In last three years, nearly 150 lakh hectares of land got more benefit through water conservation and water management measures.
I am also keen to interact with the Indian Community in Portugal during the visit”, the Prime Minister said.
The Sides noted the importance of expansion of collaboration in aluminium sector.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
Interacting with beneficiaries and store owners from over 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that in order to ensure the availability of high quality medicines at lower prices, Government had taken two major steps.
I hope that the amount of emphasis that is given to the rights at every level during most of the time, is also given to discussing duties of citizens in an emphatic manner.
This mammoth effort of bringing about cleanliness is a wonderful example of fostering aesthetics, co-operation and continuum.
I appreciate the Election Commission for relentlessly striving to ensure the strengthening of our democracy.
Made in India and Made by Japan combination has already started to work and converge wonderfully.
In this way, the national assets would be utilized in the best national interest.
Since Diwali, our nation has been witness to a historic rite of purification.
What you say is right.
Prime Minister assured him of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibilities.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater influx of Japanese investments.
He said the development projects being inaugurated today augur well for the cooperative sector.
After unveiling a plaque to mark the inauguration, the Prime Minister travelled, and walked on the bridge for a few minutes.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram (via video conference).
It brings about peace in the family by uniting the person with the family.
Your doing so will go a long way in building a New India.
The resulting competition will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List till November, 2018.
They also cause undue hardships,particularly to those at the bottom of the pyramid in developing and least developed countries.
Similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy.
He said the Union Government has approved 100 percent FDI in healthcare systems.
India had earlier won the Asia Cup in Hockey in the years 2003 and 2007.
To increase energy efficiency, my government has given the highest ever priority to the railways.
Responding to a team that is working to create rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
Earlier, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special, strategic and global.
“On World Toilet Day we reaffirm our commitment towards improving sanitation facilities across our nation.
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
PM will lay the foundation stone of doubling of 425 km long Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsen-Khairar railway lines.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
Through these food parks, we aim to link agro-processing clusters with key production centres.
71 countries, including India, participated therein.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
He told the medal winners that their sporting feats have raised India’s stature and pride.
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the atmosphere at Motihari today, evokes the same spirit of mass movement, that marked the Champaran Satyagraha, a century ago.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
Once inaugurated this facility will deliver 15% of the total gas produced in Assam.
The Prime Minister emphasized that laws and Acts have to be followed up by action.
Constant efforts to belittle our culture and make us feel inferior were on.
Investors look for growth and macro-economic stability.
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways.
Both sides aim to establish the basis for a cooperative institutional relationship to encourage and promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues on the basis of mutual benefit equality and reciprocity.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
• The World is committedto the climate change agendabased on the COP-21agreement.
The two leaders will attend a public function to mark the commencement of work of India’s first high-speed rail project between Ahmedabad and Mumbai, on 14th of September.
He commended the country’s security apparatus for the work they are doing in securing the country.
“Extremely proud of our youngsters!
The phase being inaugurated today will operate from Aluva to Palarivattom.
The Russian Side offered its expertise in tax collection based on satellite navigation technologies for the realization of joint projects in India including in the framework of above mentioned industrial corridors.
Saddened by his demise.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister performed a special prayer.
PM interacted with the college students from different parts if the country on this occasion.
Defence and Security Cooperation
Indian youngsters have distinguished themselves due to their futuristic and out-of-the-box thinking.
We can certainly consider them if they are in the interest of our country.
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
But, we are now awaiting the rains.
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts, by August 15th, 2018.
This has gained wide acceptance.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for entering into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in relation to Mutual Co-operation.
India welcomes the world to explore economic opportunities our nation has to offer!
In the education sector, we have taken an important step to grant the universities freedom from restrictions to make them the world class universities.
Keeping in line with the Government’s vision of providing drinking water to all, PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region.
Acknowledging the greetings of the Anganwadi workers, the Prime Minister expressed his happiness that they had assembled from all parts of the country to meet him today.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
The national flags of many countries were together hoisted at the Kumbh.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
My mind is filled with memories of working with M Venkaiah Naidu Garu, in the Party & Government.
vii) Any other area of cooperation as may be mutually decided upon.
He inaugurated the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, the Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other important development projects.
May Yoga be of benefit to one and all.
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
I have been saying that this twenty first (21st Century) is Asia’s Century.
Savarkaralong with his band of brave hearts celebrated the 50thanniversary of the First War of Independence with great fanfare at India house in London.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
It is estimated that there are more than crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
You should participate in this initiative and especially I urge you to make you children witness these campaigns.
India is also the world’s biggest milk producer.
Mahatma Gandhi’s philosophy has inspired the whole world.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
I am looking forward to taking part in the centenary celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram.
Referring to the ongoing Poshan Maah (nutrition month), the Prime Minister said that the momentum that has been built up during this campaign should not flag.
Friends, till recently Indian importers had to go abroad to view and purchase rough diamonds.
A heritage that connects our societies across generations and through centuries.
In the course of the day, the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti, and Kanyakumari.
My dear countrymen, connecting with all of you, courtesy the ‘Mann KiBaat’ program has been a really wonderful experience for me.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to ensure speedy disposal of commercial matters.
He was a stalwart loved and respected across all sections of society, he added.
The growing conver-gence between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the capacity to stimulate the global economy.
My dear countrymen, Navratras are going on.
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech, skill development, urban planning and artificial intelligence.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the remotest places in the country, and the people living there.
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
In this context, he mentioned the issues on the agenda today, including doubling of farmers income, development of aspirational districts, Ayushman Bharat, Mission Indradhanush, Nutrition Mission and celebrations of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
He also stated that within the next two weeks, the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) for sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19, will also be announced.
63. We will build together such an India, which will be clean, healthy and fulfil the dream of self-rule (Swaraj).
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme is going to transform the health sector.
This policy seeks to transform cities, from being transit dependent to being transit oriented.
“We are really proud of the victory of Kidambi Srikanth in the Australian Open.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and respect accorded to him throughout his visit.
We are also making collaborative efforts to mainstream solar energy in the form of an International Solar Alliance.
But now we live in independent India.
Excellency, we commend your vision and leadership for taking your country out of this crisis and on to the path of economic prosperity.
The Indian Side conveyed its intention to increase import of fertilizers from Russia.
This Rudraksh will be a gar-land of love of Japan for Varanasi.
It has the capacity to make a better society and nation.
These measures too have increased the efficiency of energy use.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
I am happy that for the first time, beneficiaries are also being given ownership of the land on which the houses are being built.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
This spirit of attachment towards the country and fellow countrymen was deeply imbibed in that great person of a very short physical stature.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
He too, greeted the children on Vishwakarma Jayanti, and said it is important to learn various skills.
He will also dedicate to Nation the West- North Inter-Region Power Transmission Strengthening Project to ensure uninterrupted power supply to Western Uttar Pradesh.
Thus all sections and regions of the country will get benefited.
Recently 30 nano satellites were launched.”
It was Atal Ji’s exemplary leadership that set the foundations for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of sewerage network project for the western part of Agra. under AMRUT scheme.
Today I will also have an opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
The Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation during a meeting with Shri PinarayiVijayan, the Chief Minister of Kerala, and officials of the State Government.
For mapping risks related to hazards such as earthquakes we have widely accepted standards and parameters.
The arbitration proceedings will now become faster as the Arbitration law has been amended.
Jayalalithaa ji’s connect with citizens, concern for welfare of the poor, the women & marginalized will always be a source of inspiration.
A series of Yoga related events are being organized across the world to mark the occasion.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
• As strategic partners and maritime neighbours, the two leaders emphasised the importance of further consolidating the security and defence cooperation between the two countries.
Bhagini Nivedita ji revived the dignity and pride of Indian culture.
He said this decision would unlock huge amounts of money for development of the mineral rich districts.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
He will address a diverse gathering, consisting of farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, government officials, and legislators.
Prime Minister will turn a page of the Bhagwad Gita to mark its official opening.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today informally met all Secretaries – the topmost officers of Ministries of the Government of India.
We are fourth largest in Wind Energyand fifth largest producer of Solar Energy.
With this launch we have started a journey to build the most advanced frontier of our partnership.
We agreed that efficiency of water and resource use; water conservation and its purification; productivity increases in agriculture are key areas in deepening our bilateral cooperation.
Every Indian is proud that these three great men belong to our land.
This multitude of young people leave their homes for the first time to chart a new direction for their lives.
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
They noted with great concern the growing menace of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
We get the mantra to enable the society to fight against blind-faith through devotion and bhakti.
FDI flows from Japan have almost tripled in last three years.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of my govt. the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
Our freedom movement is linked to our sentiments.
It provides a framework and enabling environment to understand each other’s strengths, market, technologies, policies, etc.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
The Prime Minister tweeted that the Centre has assured all support to the Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation and that the situation is being monitored closely.
Heartiest congratulations, Beti Shivangi.
He said that just as Sardar Patel had ensured political integration of the country, GST would ensure economic integration.
Plastic now threatens to become a menace to humanity.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
This 2 minutes silence is an expression of our collective resolve and reverence for the martyrs.
“Greetings to all soldiers, veterans & their families on Army Day.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
He mentioned the importance of conserving water, and added that in Kutch, people understood this quite well.
Dr. Abdul Kalam continued to work throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
He will address the gathering.
Protocol for Consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and MEA for the period 2019-2023
The Prime Minister added that these facilities will also attract tourists.
Ajit Bajaj and his daughter became the first ever father-daughter duo to ascend Everest.
The estimated daily fuel savings are to the tune of Rs. 27 lakhs.
For this purpose, we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
He added that this shows India can take big decisions and implement them swiftly.
He also added that India believes that a strong America is good for the world.
India’s per capita income has doubled in the last ten years.
Foreign Direct Investment in India was at the highest level in 2015-16, at a time when global FDI has fallen.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that Eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected with the Bay of Bengal, through the water route.
After the Indian Ocean Tsunami of 2004, the five worst affected countries brought in new laws for disaster risk management.
The MOU will help the Academy to disseminate some of its experience in running a training institution for higher civil services in the country to NIPAM.
I will also address the Indian Community in Indonesia.
“Saddened by the loss of lives in Bangladesh due to landslides.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Yoga has created a world record again this time also.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop a connect, with the people around them, and with the people they serve, in course of their duties.
The law against Benami property was lying in limbo for years.
The President and I agreed that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
Her cool approach to the game shall surely help the entire team.
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
This award is given by the UN body ‘Food & Agriculture Organisation’ – FAO.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
Our bilateral defense cooperation is built on strong mutual trust.
Both these places attract a large number of pilgrims every year.
The Prime Minister gave an overview of reforms undertaken in India in the recent past.
Was it possible if a new era of honesty had not been ushered in the country, in the economy of the country?
He said India is today the fastest growing major economy.
Security and defence cooperation have added growing new dimensions to our relationship.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big football fan.
The Sides resolved to continue mutual support and synergies at various platforms including BRICS and ITU.
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans.
It is estimated that around 1 to 1.5 lakh knee operations happen in India every year.
“I am delighted to join the programme to mark the conclusion of the Narmada Seva Yatra in Amarkantak, Madhya Pradesh, tomorrow afternoon.
Most beneficiaries said that the there has been an overall improvement in the quality of life.
As popular business hubs, they also rank high in the levels of Ease of Doing Business.
(b) Creation of one Apex level post of Controller General of Communication Accounts (CGCA).
All the stake holders related to health sector are working together to transform the sector, PM said.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
As democracies, we have shared values.
I extend my best wishes to my countrymen on the pious occasion of Vasant Panchami.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
The external sector remains robust.
In 2016, Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India, Pranab Mukherjee.
In the run-up to International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has also taken to social media to share the intricacies of various Yoga Asanas.
He said Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will be beneficial for farmers growing fruits and vegetables, especially Tomato, Onion and Potato.
The movement should not be limited to make people literate.
In the aftermath of a disaster, disaster responders pour in from all over the world.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
Their unwavering courage and patriotism ensured our country is safe.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
Uttarakhand and Haryana have also been declared ODF, this week.
I am happy to note that the State Government has announced 19th June as the reading day.
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
His futuristic policies across various sectors touched the lives of each and every citizen of India.
In a couple of days, we will observe the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
After Independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the Azad Hind Government.
The Prime Minister quoted the writer Ramvriksha Benipuri, and the poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the mood that prevailed at that time.
They agreed to jointly contribute in a positive and constructive way in facilitating sustainable solutions for global challenges including climate change, sustainable development, food security etc.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
In this context, he also recalled his meeting with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka today morning.
In a way, this period is full of many significant events for the nation.
Honourable Ministers and Senior Delegates from Japan;
1. Exchange & training of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and experts;
With the changes in demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country has been changing.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister spoke of the efforts being made by the Union Government to improve connectivity and infrastructure in the State.
Despite this, we have de-controlled petrol and diesel prices.
They will not be spared.
He also mentioned that sports helps in developing personality, building confidence, and in overall development.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
This is in addition to Rs. 100 Cr. announced by the Home Minister on 12.08.2018.
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
Regardless of the nature of business, Consumer satisfaction should be the prime motive.
He said the cooperative movement can play a key role in the achievement of these objectives.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
Who does not know about the Bangladesh Freedom Struggle of 1971?
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December.
He also asked senior officials in the Union Government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
The main objective of this mission is to promote reading as a means to grow and prosper.
“Remembering Shyamji Krishna Varma on his birth anniversary.
The Prime Minister will then travel to Anjar.
I am happy to see such a large participation of Energy Ministers from producing and consuming nations, Heads of International Organisations and CEOs in this forum.
In order to ensure that their fellow countrymen could sleep peacefully, these brave sons toiled relentlessly, day or night.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
He said farmers and scientists have to work together to transform agriculture.
He said enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
Hon’ble Chairman, heartiest congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the House and on behalf of the countrymen!
At the same time, an important responsibility of the State is to protect its own citizens.
He said the Statue would generate considerable tourism opportunities for the region.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
He inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
The impediments encountered earlier in the grant and process of award, have been removed.
All of you must have celebrated Deepawali with traditional fervour.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Archaeological Survey of India has performed significant work over the course of the last 150 years or so.
He quoted Chanakya to say that hard work can overcome all obstacles and help us accomplish even the most difficult of objectives.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
He said the brand of Amul is known globally, and has become an inspiration worldwide.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with the Indian Police Service (IPS) probationers of 2015 batch.
In this context, the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity.
They are living testimony to the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the peoples of India and Nepal.
He added that India would also make an immense contribution to it.
First Lady Kim congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who featured in the presentation today, was evident to everyone present at the gathering.
During the interaction, the crew made a presentation on various aspects of the mission, their preparation, training, and experiences during the journey.
India has a robust strategic partnership with all the three countries.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
The airport has been retrofitted and new terminal constructed for making it fit for commercial operations under UDAN scheme.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
In modern times more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives in World Wars in the last century.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor.
I have spoken to Arunachal Pradesh CM Pema Khandu and other officials both in Delhi and the states on the flood situation
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
They invest their lifetime savings only on the basis of just one signature of yours.
This is changing the supply paradigm (पैरा-डाइम);
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
They spoke of their respective efforts to contribute to the regional and global economic development.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
On this historic occasion the most important role is that of the Chartered Accountants.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well.
He said that this event is an occasion to honour Sarpanches who have contributed immensely to the movement towards a Clean India.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
Every month, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from these camps.
On behalf of all countrymen, I wish her a bright future.
Everybody recalls the efforts and constructive role of the UN in establishing peace throughout the world.
He described tourism as an ancient concept in India, and a spiritual tradition.
Independent India has also sent one of the largest numbers of UN Peace-Keepers to places all over the world.
The Prime Minister said that new AIIMS are being established to help the people get better access to healthcare.
He urged the children to ensure that the adulation and fame that they are getting, should not become an obstacle to their future progress.
Applauding the efforts of NRIs, particularly Saurashtra Patel community, Prime Minister said that NRIs have always made India proud.
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
The element of Unity in diversity being India’s speciality comes naturally to us.
He said that the common man and the trader must benefit from this path breaking decision.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
In this context he talked about the Union Government’s initiatives to bring down the prices of medicines, stents etc.
The country is governed by peace, harmony and unity.
If we do not manage this growth, in terms of both planning and execution, the risk of economic and human losses from disasters will be higher than ever before.
This is the ninth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes.
Sinhala and Tamil were the court languages.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
These operations have been carried out in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan and many other parts of the world.
“A grateful nation salutes our valorous air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
They called upon all countries to implement the UNSC Resolution 1267 and other relevant resolutions designating terrorist entities.
He worked tirelessly for the progress of Delhi, particularly towards ensuring better infrastructure.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
It is our responsibility to further develop the understanding about Yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
The National War Memorial complex includes a central obelisk, an eternal flame, and six bronze murals depicting famous battles fought by Indian Army, Air Force and Navy.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome its recent financial and banking challenges.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
Regardless of the fact that India could not win the title, the young players of India won the hearts of everyone.
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago.
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
Despite so many hurdles, Rajani did not lose heart & went ahead with her training in boxing.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
See, the exam you are going to appear at is the exam of what you have studied during this whole year.
I was inspired to visit the Cellular Jail only after reading Savarkarji’s book “Maazi Janmthep”.
I must confess, I did not imagine the spontaneous outpouring of support that followed.
It is a huge psychological battle.
He interacted with the people, who have resolved to make the village open-defecation-free.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
He announced an immediate additional assistance of 500 crore rupees under the SDRF.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna .
Prime Minister Modi said that Defence Cooperation is a key pillar of the relationship between India and Japan.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
Peoples’ power is, in a way, considered to be a divine incarnation.
His Highness and I discussed ways to transform our energy ties in a strategic direction through specific projects and proposals.
The economic and social benefits of metro rail systems are well-known.
My dear countrymen, namaskar!
The Prime Minister described the Paris Climate agreement as a shared heritage of the whole world, and this generation’s contribution to the hope of future generations of mankind.
Hence, it is the endeavour of the government to ensure affordable healthcare to every citizen.
What goals is the gems and jewellery industry setting for itself by that date?
Obviously, a lot of effort will converge to make this a popular activity.
“Greetings and best wishes toCentral Industrial Security Forceon their Raising Day.
He ensured that millions of Indians were brought under the ambit of one nation & one constitution.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
This is the reason because of which the acceptance for Yoga throughout the world has been increasing so rapidly.
He expressed confidence that through Scientific Approach, Technological Innovations, and Research and Development the graduating students would play an active role in turning agriculture into a profitable profession.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will cater to the health care needs of the region.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
Today, in the twenty-second meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the banking sector.
India has been home to several saints, seers who have served society and reformed it, he added.
He said he is committed to providing affordable healthcare for the poor and the middle class.
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas.
All of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th January.
The Earth is our mother and we all are her children.
In the last two years – 2014-2016, we facilitated the repatriation of over ninety thousand Indian nationals from nearly 54 countries.
Record growth in last two and a half years
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
The size and growth of the Indian market hold much potential.
We have speeded up policy formulation in this sector.
In the next two months, we will be busy in the hurly-burly of the general elections.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
On this occasion I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the officers and jawans of Coast Guard for their service to the Nation.
The member countries may utilize the BRICS Network of Labour Research Institutes and BRICS Social Security Cooperation Framework for cooperation on Social Security and other labour issues.
Their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother India.
India’s defence preparedness is guided by these thoughts.
Forts are symbols of our heritage.
It is one of the key elements of India’s rising soft power status, globally, he added.
Earlier he also expressed sadness over loss of lives in forest fire in Portugal.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
This year in July, we have implemented the highly complex task of migrating to a uniform Goods and Services Tax for the whole country.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
As part of this network, different universities could specialize in multi-disciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
Our conversation covered the full range of bilateral relationship.
He said that today’s launch of IPPB is one more step to achieve this objective.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports.
We will facilitate an early commencement of negotiations on a free trade agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government, and all other agencies for the response to the flood situation so far.
Our solidarity with the bereaved families.
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India, have been centres for the spread of social reform.
The European Investment Bank has lent over one billion Euros to India towards environmentally sustainable projects including the Lucknow Metro.
And I’m hopeful that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind in this race and it will strive to achieve this goal..
They are aimed at transforming the country and making a New India.
59. The Sides reiterated their commitment to further strengthen global non-proliferation.
Bharat Net is targeted at providing last mile internet connectivity in the country.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help and enroll in PM-SYM, those working in the unorganized sector, whether it is in one’s house or in the neighborhood.
These are just a few examples.
If the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as Economy and Science & Technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on subjects such as women entrepreneurship, and women empowerment.
Prime Minister said that India would celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, beginning from 2nd of October.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
The Prime Minister said that the Conference has now become more relevant, in the context of challenges and responsibilities facing the country.
It is helping response agencies in quickly organizing themselves, and enabling citizens to connect more easily with authorities.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
Somnath has more than 2 million followers on social media.
They leave a deep impression on my heart.
To me, Diwali brought a special experience.
Usually they were built at a vast area of land, and often away from the residential areas.
The Sides noted the importance of cooperation in the area of transport education, personnel training and scientific support in the implementation of international transport corridors.
He will also release the Innovation and Start-Up Policy for A&N Islands.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
He stressed that growth and development of Jammu and Kashmir is high on his agenda.
Our past has always been harmoniously inter-woven.
He said that the last two decades have seen several positive changes in Gujarat’s development journey.
He also encouraged the teachers to digitally transform their schools and its neighbourhood.
The beautiful landscapes of Cyprus and the wide horizons of ‘Incredible India’ can be a source of tourism promotion in both our countries.
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available at fifty to ninety percent lower price than the market rates at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
Each one should nurture dreams for the next Olympics.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
Russia reaffirms its strong support to India’s candidature for a permanent seat in a reformed United Nations Security Council.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of Swadesh Darshan Scheme.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals, but now extends to our State capitals as well.
Minister Le Drian briefed the Prime Minister on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
4. Regulation of pharmaceuticals, medical devices and cosmetics and exchange of information thereon;
These projects include the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor, and the Char Dham Mahamarg Vikas Pariyojna.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
First of all, I congratulate all of you for this Regional Conference on an important subject like Consumer Protection.
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media.
This provided a chance to more and more of our countrymen to unfurl our national flag.
He said the Union Government is committed to fulfilling all its missions and resolves, with the help of the people.
He visited the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers’ Gallery.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
He urged States to take steps in this regard.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
I congratulate all those athletes who are bringing back medals.
He said the aim remains to double farmers’ incomes, and make the farmers’ lives easier.
It plans to meet nearly twenty five percent of the entire energy requirements from renewable sources, particularly solar energy.
“We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
Key Features of the tunnel
The Prime Minister said doing social work should be a matter of great pride for everyone.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
They called for all issues related to the Iranian nuclear programme to be resolved peacefully and through dialogue.
He said specific goals should be set on various parameters in definite short timeframes for these districts.
Indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none if it comes to war.
The agreement on trade remedies signed today would strengthen our trade partnership further.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended a Sahkar Sammelan in New Delhi, on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar.
“Rani Lakshmibai is a source of inspiration for every Indian.
Speaking of the family and collective traditions of the Islands, he said this has been a strength of Indian society, over the years.
I have always considered my engagements with you extremely useful.
My heart goes out to the victim’s families.
The App is also beneficial for traders.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Border Crossing.
He said the effort is to showcase India’s glorious past, and vibrant future.
It is a tremendous honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister ever to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
The mechanism of Japan Plus has also helped in the process of hand holding.
More than 5 crore women have been mobilized into 45 lakh Self Help Groups (SHGs) by May 2018.
The Prime Minister described the relationship between India and Israel as one of traditions, culture, trust and friendship.
World Bank and IMF assess this trend to continue.
61. Our resolve is to build such an India, free from terrorism, communalism and casteism.
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
I would particularly urge my young friends to join tomorrow’s interaction.
Just recently I had two memorable meetings.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are accorded the highest priority during Ramzan.
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
Our economic ties continue to follow an upward trajectory.
It is India’s youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights, the Prime Minister said.
I am happy to note that India and Brazil have finalized the text of a bilateral investment agreement.
From the point of a foreign investor, India counts as an extremely low risk political economy.
If the children in our family are interested in sports, they should be given opportunities.
We are proud to have taken numerous decisions that have furthered women empowerment.
She helped publication of Basu’s research and publicity through her articles and conferences.
She was a woman who could live a luxurious life but she dedicatedly worked for the poor.
Major international Financial Institutionslike the World Bank and the IMFas well as agencies like Moody’s have expressed confidence in India’s economic journey.
This is the power of our tourism.
Be it the relief and rescue work or disaster management, our country is indebted to our Air Force for the commendable efforts of our Air Warrior.
The 182 metre statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary, at Kevadiya in Narmada District of Gujarat.
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
197 million bank accounts were opened in one year.
He said that good connectivity in the North-East will also link the region with the economy of South-East Asia.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
To continue our commitment in this area, I am delighted to announce the construction of an additional ten thousand houses in upcountry areas under this project.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
Our most beloved leader, ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee, the former Prime Minister of our country, had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us.
President Ghani expressed his condolences to the families of the martyred soldiers.
Stable, predictable and transparent regulations are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in sectors such as investment, urban development, civil aviation, and skill development.
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has filled every Indian’s heart with pride by clinching the Denmark Open title with his excellent performance.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
He will inaugurate the collective e-grihapravesh of twenty five thousand beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri AwasYojana through video conferencing.
He said the Union Government is placing great emphasis on the development of waterways as well.
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
He expressed hope that the government will reach the target of 100% rural road connectivity soon.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
The successful launch of the South Asia Satellite marks the fulfilment of that.
As we have done so, we continued to remain one of the fastest growing major Economies in the world.
· The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today, is over and above the assistance of Rs. 280 crore to Tamil Nadu, and Rs. 76 crore to Kerala, disbursed earlier this month, after Cyclone Ockhi hit the two States/UTs.
They need to be assured that the rules of the game will not change overnight, in an arbitrary fashion.
He always continued to inspire more than 1.25 billion citizens for achieving this goal.
He said it is also the responsibility of this gathering to make all efforts to fulfil them.
We asserted our supremacy in the world by introducing Tejas aircraft.
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation.
Usually, when people’s movements have arisen, the people and the government have been at loggerheads.
On this environment day, let all of us give it a good thought as to what can we do to make our planet cleaner and greener?
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is less vulnerable to banking distress among the major economies.
After the start of the project Customs administrations of both countries will be committed to its further expansion.
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunitiesin the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has tweeted his prayers for all those people who are affected due to the adverse weather conditions caused by Cyclone Vardah.
This year will see the first ever Tri-services exercise INDRA–2017.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting.
PM will inaugurate the upgraded Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
The Prime Minister released Narmada Pravah – the Mission Work Plan for the river Narmada.