Similarly, the forecast of cyclone has been made.
Now, in some parts of the world, the Rathya Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated.
33. The two sides expressed interest in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the area of joint scientific research, including in the Arctic and other regions
First, the prices of 850 essential medicines were controlled and the prices of the equipment used for cardiac surgery and knee surgery were
The Prime Minister said that Ayushmann Bharat Yojana is a completely new, interconnected scheme that will help build a healthy
I am grateful to Akbar.
This shows that our young generation still has a crush on our heroes of our ancient heritage and history.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to all the governments and leaders of the world on Yoga Day.
He said that Adi Shankaracharya assimilated and considered the virtues of different ideologies.
So the Mission of Swachh Bharat - Searching for Swachh Bharat - is linked to beliefs and spirit
He also discussed the work being done towards cleanliness and enhancing the beauty of the city.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended his best wishes to the Air Force's heroic personnel and their families
India has shown tremendous resilience in a time of uncertainty in the global economy.
Similarly, the death of Sullagitti Narasimha of Karnataka was announced on 25th December.
He was committed to eliminating injustice and inequality from society.
As an experienced MP, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan and the United Arab Emirates.
Stressing the importance of protecting nature, the Prime Minister said that playing with future generations would be an unethical and criminal act
We were particularly impressed by President Moon's decision to send First Lady as Special Representative to the Diwas ceremony held in Ay
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was informed of the MoU between India and Italy for cooperation in the
The Prime Minister said that the focus of the Government is on providing affordable healthcare system for the poor.
I will attend events held in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa and Gandhinagar.
The programmes launched today can give you an idea of the depth of the relationship between the two countries.
The movement was mainly aimed at the younger generation.
Our goal is to make a big leap in the maritime economy through the Blue Revolution.
The various education boards across the country will start the process for the 10th and 12th class board examinations in the next few weeks
In 2015, the Indian economy was faster than many major economies.
I salute all these heroes with all my heart and respect.
We started the process of full membership in the Tashkent Meeting last year.
These operations have been conducted in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, in the world'
Empowerment and respect of women were emphasized.
In the next two months, we will all be busy with the election scandal.
From the map of the world, it is clear that India and South Africa are both in very important places in the Indian Ocean.
More than Rs 800 crore of unnamed assets have been seized by the government.
Despite the rise in crude oil prices, inflation rates remain within the fixed range.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before because they are confident that their money is being used properly for the w
The Prime Minister mentioned the great technological progress made by Israel and its long tradition of bravery and martyrdom.
India will emerge as a global leader on the basis of state-of-the-art technology and skilled human resources.
I want to share with all of you the very positive results.
But let us not forget that it is not just government, money, planning, power that makes all the work.
The Prime Minister stressed that no country can progress without taking into account its history and heritage.
The earth is our mother and we are her children.
India's development needs are vast and real.
At the same time, India is a major milk producer.
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers in the Yoga Asana Practice on the grounds of Forest Research Institute, Deh
And even at a young age, when I saw this, it was already there.
The Prime Minister said, "I am delighted to know that people across Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Mah
He said that this goal has been achieved in about 17,000 villages recently.
He said a new economic system is being developed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, which will transform the entire region into a
In fact, it was the third largest source of foreign direct investment in the last three years.
He said that the Government aims to double the income of farmers by 2022.
Congratulations to Tejaswini Sawant for winning the gold medal in the women's 50m rifle 3 position competition
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Teju Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
He said that this creative environment should be used to build a new India rapidly.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
The month - long campaign will be conducted by River Rafting to determine the distance from Haridwar to Patna.
The two sides stressed on maintaining cooperation between the National Institute of Railways and Transport (Wadodara) and the Russian Transport
The Prime Minister said that today, farmers buy retail but sell in bulk.
71 countries of the world including India took part.
He said that the efforts of the expatriate Indians have ensured respect for Indian passports everywhere.
India is setting new records not only in sports but also in areas that were never even imagined.
Diwali brought a special experience for me this time too.
The top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office briefed the
He praised the spirit and hard work of the people of the Nicobar Islands in building the island after the tsunami.
His slogan for Jayjan Jay Kisan is the identity of this great personality.
My heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
Over the last three years, almost 150 lakh hectares of land have benefited from such water conservation and water management measures.
My condolences to the families of the deceased.
Together we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfills Swaraj's dream.
A new medical college will be opened between each of the three districts.
Together, we will build an India where young people and women will have ample opportunities to fulfill their dreams.
If the world is to evolve fully, there will be a mutually supportive relationship between producers and consumers.
He also noted that sports also contribute to the growth of the person, building faith and overall development.
The Prime Minister said that a quarter of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector of a country.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the ideas of Mahatma Gandhi have the power to solve the challenges of today in the world.
The results are already visible.
The Prime Minister said that these steps have benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
Reviewing the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister discussed the commitment of the
I am happy that today this complex is being completed.
The Government and people of India stand with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
It worked to unite people by awakening national consciousness.
Our players have made a name for themselves in different sports.
He has shown that when the goal is set, the motivation is high and the resolve in the mind is fulfilled, it can
What goals can the jewellery industry set for itself by this date?
India had previously won the Asia Cup in 2003 and 2007.
The Prime Minister will also attend an exhibition held at Rajpath Lawn on the occasion.
We are also conducting reconstruction and restoration work on Dal Lake.
The Prime Minister said that he has fulfilled his promise of a one rank one pension for ex-servicemen and he is happy to
The enthusiasm of these doctors who are selflessly engaged in service is truly commendable.
I am saying that the 21st century is the century of Asia.
He said India will also make a big contribution in this direction.
It brings goodwill to society by making families socially sensitive.
Don 't miss this opportunity, my friends.
He said that the Lok Court can play a major role in speeding up the settlement of pending cases with the judiciary.
• The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today is different from the financial assistance of Rs 280 crore to Tamil Nadu and Rs 76
I am also looking forward to meeting with the leaders of nine other countries including the BRICS countries at the Emerging Markets and Develop
All these projects have immense potential for Japanese industry.
I wish you all the best of Ramanavami once again.
We always learn something from saints, from sages, from the Muṇis, from the great men.
A well - educated population will help India to achieve excellence on a global scale.
He has successfully passed his first attempt at Jodhpur AIIMS MBBS exam.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today attended the Centennial Celebration of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.
You will remember that India had a great performance at the Asian Games this time.
This sacred instrument has a wonderful vibration, vibration, hypnosis.
The Prime Minister said that sanitation or hygiene prevention is one of the most important aspects of healthcare.
India's economic growth rate in the fourth quarter of FY 2017-18 was 7.7 per cent.
Therefore, if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India, it will have additional benefits.
Investing in sustainable infrastructure by AIIB can lead to positive change in the lives of billions of people.
Members of the Club of Chef's of Heads of State from around the world, the Club de Chef de Chef (CCC
The Prime Minister said that Indian entertainment industry is popular all over the world.
He stressed that the development and growth of Jammu and Kashmir is among his top priorities.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organizations working to protect the environment.
It is an important day to reaffirm our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by participating in democratic processes at the local, state
Pakistan's first and 100th airport in Sikkim, Pakyong, opened. India won the Under-19 Cricket World Cup and
I remember working with Shri M. Vanikaya Naidu in the Party and Government.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) as well as several well-known agencies such as
So many new people have been trained to vote.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
The Prime Minister said that schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping to improve financial incl
We will host a global mobility conference this year.
The refusal of the court to enforce the judgment can only be done in accordance with international practice.
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve a lot in the game of football.
We have achieved more potential in renewable energy than in conventional energy during 2017.
He reiterated the key role of the United Nations, including the High-level Political Forum on Sustainable Development for review, in
Together we will build an India free from terrorism, sectarianism and racism.
The situation in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu regarding the distribution of water from Kaveri is very sad.
Thus, it will benefit all sectors and classes of the country.
The Government has set a target to expand piped natural gas to 1 crore households in the next five years.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Agreement between the Government of Ukraine and
But the reality of the House is that the players are more concerned with the umpire than the players.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
As partners of democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and vision for regional and global peace.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Ekkritr Power Development Yojana (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Intub
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation.
India has always been an inspiration to others in terms of intellectual capacity and enterprise.
Our special emphasis was on implementing the various decisions taken during our last two meetings.
We are living in a time when diamonds are being used in glasses, watches and pens.
The Prime Minister's activities on Gandhi Jayanti, 02 October, 2018 will focus on activities related to cleanliness and renewable
The whole atmosphere is filled with holy fragrance.
The two sides stressed that the primary challenges in large parts of the world are rapid and environmentally sustainable economic development, poverty eradic
It takes years to decide a case.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that at Netaji's call, many young people
We will facilitate the speedy launch of negotiations on a Free Trade Agreement between the Eurasian Economic Union and the Republic of India.
They are allowed to sacrifice their lives, especially in terms of tree conservation, but they are not allowed to lose a single tree.
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being adopted under the Comprehensive Education Campaign.
In society, sports are still considered a waste of time.
Our cultural partnership is growing.
The projects reviewed today include the construction of four new Embassies in Delhi, Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Mangalore,
New laws have been made, old laws have been tightened.
He expressed hope that all people will work together to complete this project in the shortest time.
Our security forces have been given full independence.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
We are improving administration by increasing access to digital technology to improve distribution to the bottom of society.
Swachh Bharat Mission is an initiative in this direction.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
Most sectors of our economy are now open only to FDI.
It was a war in which India was not directly involved, yet our troops fought only for peace all over the world.
Diwali will be celebrated with great joy for all of you.
And last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
He said that we must not only stop reaching the ultimate goal as a country but also work together to eradicate the social stig
In the case of kitchen gas alone, 146 million people are receiving direct cash subsidy through bank accounts.
I look forward to many more brilliant successes.
Agreement for legal and judicial cooperation in civil and commercial matters.
He said that through the Prime Minister's Crop Insurance Scheme, premiums have been reduced, the maximum set limit on insurance has
Dear countrymen, February 1, 2017 marks 40 years of the Indian Coast Guard.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
Today the whole country is celebrating the festival of Independence as well as the festival of birth.
Food processing is the lifestyle of India.
I conclude by congratulating the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for
Addressing the audience, the Prime Minister called the conference a new beginning for the public sector.
The Prime Minister said that the unique reputation gained in the past is not enough, but it is also very important to adapt to emer
The new year brings a new ray of promise, a new vision of success.
I have also been saying that India and Japan will play a major role in the growth of Asia.
A list of 26 islands has been drawn up for overall development.
In many parts of the country, our soldiers and farmers showed their bravery in protesting against injustice.
Shri Modi will unveil the plaque at Vrindavan Chandrodhya Temple as a symbol of service for 3 billionth
This year too, let us work hard to organize a Run for Unity in our villages, towns, cities, cities.
The MoU on proposed development of fertilizer plant in Malaysia and import of additional urea from Malaysia to India is a welcome development.
This will enable quality health services to be provided to the poor.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on topics such as Women Entrepreneurship and Women Empowerment.
He said that through this conference, top police officers get a comprehensive approach to understanding the problems and challenges.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the birth centenary of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI, Poosa
Honorable Speaker, on behalf of the House, on behalf of the people, I congratulate you and wish you all the best.
In the digital infrastructure sector, 2187 mobile towers have been installed in districts affected by leftist extremists in 2016-1
India can proudly say that not only male strength but also female strength is making such a contribution to the Armed Forces of India.
Under the effective leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continue to reach new heights of achievement.
Our cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA.
He said that this award is being given at the time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi
The Prime Minister recalled the words of Dr. Ambedkar that we should build our political democracy as well as a social democracy.
In fact, not only was this incident reduced but it was also an attempt to boost our self-esteem.
He said, "I will be in Jakarta on May 29 at the invitation of President Joko Widodo of Indonesia.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be clear.
Tourism will be added value only if we not only meet it, but try to understand it as a student.
The poison of racism, the poison of communism, can never do the country any good.
The Prime Minister stressed on ensuring maximum benefit for the poor and the lower classes of society under this scheme.
The Prime Minister visited various routes in the city in the evening to assess development work in Varanasi.
1. Exchange and training of physicians, officials, other health professionals and experts.
The MoU will form a framework and help to enhance R&D and scientific cooperation between Indian and Canadian academic institutions.
On this eve of the Republic Day, I congratulate the heroes and their families with the various heroic awards.
We are also working tirelessly together as an International Solar Alliance to bring solar energy to the mainstream.
The Prime Minister said that India regards Israel as an important partner in our path to sustained high growth and inclusive development.
In our society, teachers are highly respected.
Our partnership in the field of energy is an important bridge of our connection.
Although our goal in relation to these food parks is to connect the agricultural processing clusters to the main production centres.
The Prime Minister said India is moving rapidly towards becoming a gas based economy.
President Vidodo thanked the Prime Minister for his sympathy and assistance.
The capacity of the NDRF to handle the situation through its commitment and quick decision has become a new pillar of devotion for every
Today, the MUDRA Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entreprene
He also issued a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
He worked better for Delhi's progress, especially to ensure better infrastructure.
The Prime Minister also highlighted the immense potential of tourism in the North East region.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Babu Jagjjivan on his birthday.
I pray to God for the well-being of all those injured in the train accident.
Speaking on the occasion, Shri Narendra Modi said that our minds are not ready to accept that Shri Vajpayee is
You celebrate Indian festivals in your own way.
This is the fourth such event in the series of video bridges by the Prime Minister to communicate with the beneficiaries of various government
Good luck to you.
But we are in a free India.
Our relationship continues to move upwards.
5. The two countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and promote the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and open
The Government has taken several steps to increase investment.
It will provide the necessary momentum for enhancing bilateral trade and investment relations.
His game has made us all proud.
We remember with pride the sacrifice of our army.
Special notified zone in India Diamond Bursa has started from November, 2015.
45. Together, we will build an India where young people and women have ample opportunities to fulfill their dreams.
Start-ups have been exempted from income tax payments for 3 years.
During Diwali, sales of Khadi gift coupons have increased by almost 680%.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, outlined the benefits of PM-SYM scheme.
Today we remember and salute their courage.
Who doesn 't know the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971?
The Air Force responded to the enemy in 1965.
We are introducing the Goods and Services Tax Act to create an integrated national market.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the Government will provide them with all necessary assistance and facilities.
The Prime Minister said that India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from October 2.
He said that the water for each farm has been envisaged in the Pradhan Mantri Agri Sikhya Yojana.
In this respect, India can prove to be a better partner.
This time, the Swaraj Jayeeti of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
The Prime Minister will address a public gathering at Dharamshala in Kangra district.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets to improve the tax administration of the country by the 75th anniversary of independence
Shape our partnership and reconciliation in a way that ultimately contributes to the progress of all Indians and all Sri Lan
(b) A top post of the Comptroller General of Communications Accounting (CGCA) will also be created.
Private companies are also connecting in large numbers through the portal.
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and their invaluable services.
He outlined the benefits of the Swachh Bharat Mission in the health and tourism sector.
All these great men travelled extensively in India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on land border crossing.
The Prime Minister then presented the green flag to the Run for Unity from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
Under this, over 100 million poor and vulnerable families will get insurance coverage of over $7,000 per year.
This Rudraksh will be a cordial gesture of affection from Japan to Varanasi.
He was an effective voice for the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
This money will be used to repair, maintain and strengthen roads, highways, bridges and other infrastructure.
When Savarkar was born, I read a book and it inspired me to see the cellular prison.
The energy intensity of the economy will change with a focus on green energy and energy efficiency.
59. The two sides reaffirmed their commitment to further strengthen nuclear nonproliferation on a global scale.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that generic medicines are now available to a greater number of people which has not only reduced the cost of healthcare
It will facilitate effective institutional dialogue between India and Thailand.
Our heroic martyrs have sacrificed their lives.
We are also looking at various strategies for better disaster management.
This is the seventh in a series of interactions of the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
As for 2017-18, I have spent 55% of the total expenditure of Rs. 64,000 crore on water conservation.
Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity by building corridors and highways.
Nikki Haley extended her best wishes to Prime Minister Modi on behalf of US President Trump during the meeting.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi welcomed and wished all the teams participating in the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
It is helping agencies quickly and makes it easy for citizens to contact relevant authorities.
Many events are being held across the country to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
So, I was surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has ever visited Portugal bilaterally.
This will benefit both countries.
He said that people should get knowledge about local history and archaeology of their cities and regions.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of
The Prime Minister instructed insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess losses and to provide compensation to affected families and beneficiaries under
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Mission is an important step in this
But we know that we have limited democracy to ballots.
Progress of important projects in road and railway sectors has been recorded such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project,
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will be developed in the region.
The Prime Minister said that technology is only beneficial when it benefits the common people.
This will not only facilitate the movement of trains but also contribute to the overall development of the Bundelkhand region.
Most of the beneficiaries said that their living conditions have improved significantly.
The Prime Minister mentioned his progress initiatives for project monitoring.
12. Training and research of food industry operators.
Creating a business-friendly environment and attracting investment will remain my top priority.
India is now one of the most preferred countries for investment in this sector.
These achievements have been achieved before some major recent reforms.
My condolences to the people who lost their loved ones in the loss of life due to the derailment of the Jagdalpur-
He said that Kashi is now emerging as a health centre.
In a few days we will celebrate the first International Tsunami Awareness Day.
This reduces their productivity.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Sichuan, where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Abdullah appreciated India's continued support to Afghanistan in developing and capacity building Afghanistan's infrastructure.
The public Ganesh festival became an effective means of traditional devotion and celebration as well as promoting a sense of community-awaren
Since last month, they have started to speak the word in the regional languages immediately after the completion of My Man Ki Baat.
He said that the Government is giving great importance to innovation and research.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart City Mission.
I look forward to meeting with the politicians and friends of Nepal.
My dear countrymen, once every 12 years, the blue-currant flower grows in our country.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for providing technical and financial assistance for the project.
We need to ensure that high standards of disaster safety are observed in their manufacture.
The Japanese government and the people there have shown great love for me and my country.
The whole world celebrates it as World Yoga Day.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
The two sides agreed to convene a Ministerial and Coordination Meeting of INSTC on a priority basis.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world but has also emerged as one of the fastest pov
My dear countrymen, today as we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, and also about Man Ki
He urged the children that the praise and fame they are receiving should not hinder their future progress.
Life goes on if the sense of mission you have and the sense of ambition you have, is there any correlation between your mission and
Discussing the importance of water conservation, he said that the people of Kutch understand this very well.
He is currently travelling to different parts of India as part of the initiative called Jannao Kvattan.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Centre has focused its attention on improving the quality of life of the people
You will be pleased to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha was 118% and Rajya Sabha was 74%.
We are the fourth largest generator of wind energy and the fifth largest generator of solar energy.
It is a great honour to be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
And so the weight of the numbers also sometimes prevents us from moving in the right direction.
Every assistance is being provided to the State Government to deal with this crisis.
The Prime Minister said he wanted to warn the nation that some elements are trying to put unnecessary pressure on the judiciary
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic smoke.
The Prime Minister said that if someone thinks that not going to a place will prolong his Chief Minister's term and going to a place will
Swami Vivekananda had said, 'The greatness of life is the crushing of death.'
Congratulations to my daughter Shivangi.
Brothers and sisters, our country today is full of stored grain.
This is change.
Issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange were discussed.
He helped to publish and promote Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
197 million bank accounts were opened in a year.
It is a joy for us that after the health benefits, our Arun Ji is also among us today.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Motion Programme is a
The Prime Minister congratulated all those involved with this great achievement.
Referring to the achievements in the field of cleanliness, the Prime Minister said that since 2014 the scope of cleanlin
He said that this decision will open the way to huge amounts of money in the development of mineral rich districts.
The Prime Minister discussed the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
The Prime Minister will return to Guwahati from Etanagar.
Aesthetic Wave is a collection of folktales composed by Shankaracharya.
Even the average citizen, when he comes to this earth, has a different kind of divine feeling.
In fact, we have now entered a period that many have called the Asian century.
We are confident that our people will be decisive partners in our efforts to develop responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that development is the best solution to all forms of violence.
The Prime Minister also said that like other major cities in Gujarat, Bhuj will have a modern bus port.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for exemplary performance in the international arena.
For a strong partnership, we support a flourishing bilateral trade and investment flow.
Today we are gathered here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
Before I begin, I would like to tell you about some of the recent achievements of our scientists in India.
Our armed forces have always shown unique courage and valour.
For centuries, our ancestors have lived to prove it.
The results of these efforts are now coming to light.
I am particularly pleased to welcome His Excellency the Prime Minister of Portugal, the Vice President of Suriname, the Hono
He praised the people of the state for declaring Jammu and Kashmir free from open defecation in September 2018.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of farmer productive organisations.
Because Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim country, stands for democracy, diversity, pluralism and social harmony.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibilities.
My dear countrymen, the Jan Ki Baat has been praised and criticized.
You're right.
Friends, It is also a pleasure to come forward as an ally of the United Nations in this whole process.
In this regard, the Central Government is also running the Sagarmala programme.
He also discussed several other projects including roads and Namami Gange related projects which were inaugurated or laid the foundation stone
Shri Govind Singh believed that the greatest service is to end human suffering.
He said that there is a lot of tourism potential in Varanasi and every effort should be made to keep the city clean.
He urged children to study hard and develop an interest in sports.
It ensured that crores of Indians were brought under the umbrella of one nation and one Constitution.
This is the Prime Minister's third official visit to Kollam.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the people of Jharkhand on the occasion of the State's
These experiences will enrich your life.
We need to support such initiatives through policies and actions.
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of Director General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur,
As a market economy, our needs and our powers are complementary.
I welcome Brazilian companies to come and invest in India and become long-term commercial partners.
For this they need a lawyer who specializes in mediation.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the athletes to use technology to improve their performance. 
India is one of the most investor - friendly economies in the world.
Foreign investment in this sector is invited.
He said India is establishing a record in the startup sector with the talent of its youth.
5. Preparing the staff for the exchange of good facilities;
It contributes to our energy security.
Strategic partnership.
I had appealed to turn Brain-Drain into Brain-Gain.
The Prime Minister for the fifth time interacted with various beneficiaries of Government schemes through Video Bridge.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that the most senior and junior officials have long-term interaction
Seven countries in the Asia Pacific region are among the top 10 countries in terms of deaths from disasters.
I will meet President Sirisena, Prime Minister Vikram Singh and other distinguished dignitaries.
He said that the officials present at this conference today have provided the right leadership despite working in an environment of negativity.
The two leaders also agreed to contribute jointly in a positive and constructive way to sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable
Your disappointment will turn into faith.
The gem and jewellery sector is therefore the greatest example of the potential of Make in India and Skilled India.
He will also showcase a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameshwaram via video conferencing.
Talking about the progress made towards this resolution, the Prime Minister said that over 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed
They will not be forgiven.
Armed Forces across the world know the importance of supply chains.
I was once again fortunate to celebrate Diwali with our Javanese security forces stationed at the border.
In a way, the whole of India was blessed by him.
At a public meeting held in Ujjare, the Prime Minister distributed Rupees cards to account holders under the Pradhan Mant
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who worked for this landmark.
There has been increased communication between us at all levels.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
We wish for peace and prosperity for all.
It provides for a framework and a conducive environment for understanding each other's strengths, markets, technology, policies etc.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his best wishes to the people on World Health Day.
These mountains here are the inspiration for yoga and Ayurveda.
I hope that they will continue to do exemplary work to prevent plastic pollution.
He will also launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development activities at the district level.
The Maratha Navy was responsible for the security of these forts.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining equality in the co-operative movement, which he said is still largely in
He said that Amul is not only related to milk processing but is also a great model of empowerment.
The progress of 41 programmes and schemes of 20 Ministries so far has been shown on this portal.
The Central Government has been keeping a close and constant eye on the flood situation in Kerala.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the rail, road, petroleum and energy sectors.
The procedures for obtaining clearance from various agencies have been simplified.
Speaking about Shri Pranab Mukherjee, he said, Pranab Da is an outstanding politician of our time
My dear countrymen, greetings.
I would urge once again, that we continue and intensify the campaign that Khadi has launched.
The award will be presented to Shri Modi on a specified day by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation as agreed upon.
Its aim is to create a least-waving community and bring public transport closer to transit.
All responsible persons in the Government have been asked to focus on normalizing the banking system.
Addressing a public event organised by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose to mark 75 years of triangular flower
I wish the injured to recover quickly.
I congratulate the millions of people, especially the poor who have benefited from this initiative.
It will also contribute to the economic development of Kochi.
As of August 2017, Indian troops have served in about 50 of the 71 UN peacekeeping operations worldwide.
In addition, working capital loans on digital transactions have been increased from 20 to 30 per cent.
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical phenomena is.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen for all these festivals.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people - friendly administrator at both the Delhi Government and the Centre.
I commend the Ministry of Urban Development under the leadership of Mr. Venkaiah for the Value-U-CAP variable Finance
Even our ancient texts emphasize the importance of personal hygiene.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever.
Therefore, a comprehensive rapid transport system is needed to cope with the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to Cellulor Prison and the spot where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had thro
The two sides emphasized the importance of continuing multilateral dialogue on this topic within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other
The Central Government is also emphasizing on infrastructure development in the state.
This month of October is a month to remember so many of our great men.
There is no shortage of talented lawyers and judges in India.
The Prime Minister also mentioned the benefits that have been made possible in this state by various schemes such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Mud
I was saying that this is the 21st century of Asia.
During the last two financial years, we have achieved about $55 billion of FDI.
In this way, he brought our beloved triangle closer to the common man.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC family ahead of the summit.
Referring to the integrity of the Bohra community in business, the Prime Minister said that the Government encourages honest traders and workers
This is the session when the country has had the opportunity to elect a new President and a new Vice President.
7. deployment of a Medium Health Provider at the Sub-Center who is trained in primary health care and public health
Thanks to these efforts, we have managed to move our ranking from 142 to 77 in ease of doing business.
He taught people the importance of hygiene and service through his works.
He also asked senior officials of the Union Government to review progress on a weekly basis.
I am confident that today's discussion and decision will give a new direction and depth to our partnership.
We stand with Portugal in this hour of sorrow.
Friends, Yoga has shown the world the path from illness to wellness.
One hundred and fifty five crore Indians are waiting to welcome the leaders of ASEAN countries as our key guests to India's
Our dear leader, former Prime Minister of our country, Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ji, had made it clear that human
He told the medal winners that their performance has made India proud.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on 29-30 December.
It is said that the inspiration was Sister Nivedita.
The world today is also facing the dual challenges of terrorism and climate change.
I congratulate the Ecological Protection Organisation and their entire team and the citizens of Chandrhapur.
To live a healthy life, hygiene is the first requirement.
He told the students that they should think about innovative solutions to the problems facing the people.
India is also working on e-mobility.
He said that entrepreneurship and innovation should be guiding principles in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close cooperation in areas such as investment, urban development, civil aviation and skill development.
Everyone says that, but do we have any responsibility?
48. Together we will build an India that is free, healthy and fulfills the dream of Swaraj.
On action against corruption.
The two sides reviewed the recent investments made by Indian companies in the field of diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
He stressed that we too should act in accordance with the expectations of our guardian Constitution.
In this context, he referred to the Diwali and Bankruptcy Code.
He also outlined the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
1. Noncommunicable diseases including heart disease and cancer in children;
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Centre will play an important role in spreading the vision and education of Dr
Thanks to the great energy of our country's youth, we are presenting India as a global manufacturing hub.
The Prime Minister's Dialogue Programme covered over one crore women representing different groups.
Referring to the provision of 10 per cent reservation to the poor of the middle class, the Prime Minister said that this is a step
Given the cultural importance of Jallikattu, the Prime Minister said that the case is currently pending before the court.
People from far away are writing letters.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of the Water Supply Scheme through Pipeline in rural areas of Bundelkhand Region
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature protection and conservation
He changed not only his own fortunes but also those of his region through organized efforts.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with new resolve, with new determination, you will all
The Prime Minister will address the Centenary Celebration of Patna University.
In this regard, he referred to the agreement on 5 and 6 units of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
A Thai naval officer also lost his life in the entire operation.
This is the common vision of me, President Xi and Prime Minister Li.
The Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Finland for Environmental Contribution.
His father sells garbage to feed his family.
The proposed Bill will ensure greater transparency in the enrolment of workers' representatives in tripartite faculties by the Government
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries in the country are also in Kerala.
Birthplace in Patna, Karmabhumi in North India and the last moment of life in Nanded.
The Prime Minister said that student organisations should give greater importance to freedom during the campaign for university elections.
He said that as a society, it is essential to stay connected to our history.
It is a great pleasure to be among the manufacturers and global leaders of the food processing sector.
This number is expected to double in the next 10 years.
All of these are aimed at bringing about a broad transformation in the country and paving the way for the creation of a New India
Historically, temples have played a prominent role in our society.
My dear countrymen, the coming months are very important for our farmer brothers and sisters.
The Prime Minister stressed that the youth of India honours Sardar Patel and his contribution to the nation-building.
The limit on withdrawal from ATMs and banks has also been set for a short time.
Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of the Sikhs, has been a source of inspiration to the people through his teach
At the 22nd meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed progress in resolving and resolving complaints related to the banking sector
Brothers and sisters, a big decision has been made in this year's budget to bring the farmers the right price of crops
He said that Germany's innovation and Indian youth startups can provide mobility in the space.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished all citizens on National Voter Day.
He said that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made Swachh Bharat Mission the largest mass movement in the world
But someone has to make this decision for the country.
Package of twelve services for free universal screening for common NCDs.
The Prime Minister said, "We are constantly working to simplify processes for small businesses.
The beneficiaries reported how the cost of heart stents and knee transplants has changed their lives.
He did incredible work in the service of refugees in Delhi after the partition.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
Many of our festivals have a distinct focus on saving rivers and water.
100 years ago today, the first Satyagraha movement was launched in Champaran in 1917 under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
He said that Gujarat's development journey has undergone significant positive changes in the last two decades.
The Prime Minister stressed the need for an institutional system that provides excellence in sporting jumps.
The MoU provides an opportunity for Indian Railways to exchange the latest developments and knowledge in the rail sector.
It is painful to see people suffering from disasters.
I hope that at every level, at all times, the same force is put on rights, the same force is put on duties.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
Recent trends indicate that Asian centres like Hong Kong and Singapore have emerged as preferred sites for mediation.
The main objective of this Mission is to promote reading as a means of growth and prosperity.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today met and discussed with the IPS examiners of the 2015 batch.
The first 80 to 90 big traders had access to raw diamonds worldwide through Belgium, Africa and Israel.
If these suggestions are in the interest of our country, we will definitely consider them.
A scheme for black money disclosure was launched at the same time.
The award will be given for exceptional efforts towards further national integration.
The Government is also working towards the goal of having every person in the country have their own home by 2022.
I am confident that a stronger India and a stronger Japan will bring stability to Asia and the world.
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushmann Bharat Yojana will bring about tremendous change in the health sector.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences over the deaths in a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
I assure you that the Government of India is committed to providing all necessary assistance to the efforts of the State in combating these diseases.
In a few hours, we will all welcome the New Year of 2017.
I especially welcome and thank the 15 partner countries of this initiative of Vibrant Gujarat.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, new vigor, new enthusiasm, new energy.
We are setting up commercial courts and commercial divisions to resolve commercial matters as soon as possible.
In such a situation, the eyes of the world have been fixed on India and Yoga for a sustainable solution to these problems.
I had the opportunity to attend a very favorite event recently.
Skill India aims to ensure that newcomers in the labour force have the necessary skills to contribute to the economy of the 21st century
The Pika Uprising was fought in Odisha in 1817 against the British rule.
We are the world's second largest exporter of shrimp.
During the last three years, my government has given special attention to the development of the overall infrastructure of the country.
Under this Mission, up to Rs 5 lakh per year per family will be provided for hospitalization in Phase 2 and 3 of the scheme
He also said that this will create trust among the common people which is the key to New India.
Every year, a large number of pilgrims visit both places.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their teachers who have guided them since childhood.
First Lady of the Republic of Korea, Mrs. Kim congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Sol Peace Prize.
He said that India and Bangladesh's commitment to cruelty and terrorism will continue to inspire future generations through Bangladesh Bhawan.
Like the emerging economies, our challenge in India will increase both horizontally and vertically.
As I am speaking to you today, the holy month of Ramadan has begun.
• The Union Government will issue immediate financial assistance of Rs 325 crore to Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
Today we live in a connected world.
The independence of the judiciary is a fundamental feature of the Indian Constitution.
The Prime Minister said that the tourism sector has immense potential and the world is eager to come to India.
On the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the Bullet Train project will bring about speed and growth and
Speaking to the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said Gujarat has experienced heavy rainfall in the past week.
Some people have taken advantage of the money from the Government of India for water conservation and water management in Manrega.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for launching the project in such a short time.
They have unique powers and insights.
The remarkable work done by Captain Nishad for the empowerment of the poor will always be remembered.
Your love is like a blessing.
He said that dynamic change is needed to bring about change in the system.
Many Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present.
India and Russia have committed to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals.
When Rajini expressed his desire to learn boxing from his father, he encouraged him by using all the means he could.
The areas of cooperation based on youth affairs include the movement of youth, representatives of youth organisations and government officials in charge of youth policy
Another example of this is India's renewable energy programme.
The Prime Minister said that the songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika have been appreciated by people from generation to generation.
Today, everyone is joining in this campaign of Fit India.
Social media is changing disaster response.
We are now in the information age.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are strong examples of this.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Your children have benefited from this.
The Prime Minister said, I am very happy to be present at the closing ceremony of Narmada Saviya Yatra held in
Through Make in India, we are providing a platform to global companies to produce in India and make better use of the vast human resources here.
This decision of the government will give more credit to small shopkeepers, small industries.
Reiterating his view, the Prime Minister said that the two countries are a strong and important link in promoting bilateral relations between the
There are other challenges ahead.
Bilateral cooperation in the field of food processing between India and Japan will benefit the food processing sector of both countries.
My dear countrymen, I will come back to you next month for the next Man Ki Baat.
We have removed the obstacles and improved the average rate of implementation in these areas.
In a public meeting, the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque in honour of laying the foundation stone of Railway Coach
On January 26, our Republic Day, we all celebrated with euphoria and enthusiasm in every corner of the country.
A law was passed in 2015 to disclose amounts in foreign bank accounts.
At this time, the whole country stands with the people of the North East.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he is experiencing himself how Rajasthan wel
A viable alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America.
This is a good start.
Shri Modi said that young athletes should inspire youth to join sports in their schools and villages. 
The Prime Minister said congratulations to M. Vankaiah Naidu Garuru on his election as Vice President of India.
Your Honour, I warmly recall our meeting in August 2015 and February last year.
I hope this will help us move forward.
There are many important features of this Metro project.
They want political stability and an auxiliary regulatory system to ensure the protection of their investments.
During a public meeting, he flagged the 900th coach and a Humsafar Rak.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce distances between the two cities but also bring people who live hundreds
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stance on the issue of triple talaq.
Since the council was formed 50 years ago, the industry has progressed rapidly in India.
Supply chain capability is important in any manufacturing enterprise.
Now there is an effort to bring the banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
Five new Metro Rail projects have been approved to build a 140 km metro line.
The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold meetings of the Annual Summit including multilateral events.
State governments should be strict against those who are doing violence in the name of Goracha.
It is a period of time filled with important events in the life of the nation.
The delegation fully supported the Prime Minister's goal of making India a 50 trillion dollar economy in the near future.
The Act East policy of my Government places this sector at the centre of cooperation.
India and Portugal are also strong partners on the international stage.
Discussing the self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social
The Safety Insurance Scheme has provided risk insurance to the crores of people who are in dire need.
Our domestic market is divided into pieces.
Everyone remembers the efforts of the UN, its positive role in establishing peace in the world.
We have full confidence in the courage and courage of our soldiers.
In this direction, we have launched far-reaching legal reforms.
The Prime Minister also spoke about topics like climate protection and smart cities which were also at the centre of discussion.
Friends, Until now, Indian importers had to go abroad to look for and buy raw diamonds.
I would also like to thank Ankstad for stepping up India's initiative with strength and playing an active role in bringing it to
He said that the Central Government attaches the highest importance to the development of East India.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will not lose their fame and accolades and will focus on excellence.
He said that the Union Government has decided that the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for all Scheduled Crops will be
He also said that the delayed burning of fuel during crossing the state boundaries would save fuel and benefit the environment.
Exhibition on state-of-the-art or futuristic technologies and space exploration will be held which will present a practical vision
India is going through many major changes today.
The Prime Minister also urged them to focus and work hard on their goal of reaching the podium at the upcoming Olympics. 
First of all, I express my deep condolences to the people who have lost their lives in the recent earthquake in Aceh.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind any other state in this race, and will continue to push forward and move forward.
Jan Dhan Revolution is a historic movement to bring the poor, the exploited and the disadvantaged into the financial main
Secretary Carton informed the Prime Minister of progress towards decisions and discussions in June this year.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in learning about our history, our freedom fighters, those who sacrificed for this
As close neighbors, our relations are spread over many layers.
The Prime Minister will observe an exhibition on Technology and Rural Life.
To fulfill this mission, the Government is bringing some new schemes for the country's 1.25 crore citizens on New Year'
He said that the event is being held to honour the women Sarpanches who have made a significant contribution to the Swachh B
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences for the loss of lives caused by the storm in Tamil Nadu.
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Jalpalayam Kanolli Lift Irrigation Scheme.
Pollution-free technologies, sea based solutions, modernization of farms, food processing, health, life sciences and agriculture
We have also decided to start an annual exchange of 100 bilateral visits of young people from science-related disciplines.
And even on our first meeting, I felt their enthusiasm and affection for India.
Every athlete representing India at the Commonwealth Games 2018 inspires us.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India will be able to benefit from the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
130 crore Hindus will respond to every plot, every attack.
He announced the immediate granting of an additional assistance amount of Rs 500 crore under the SDRF.
We have taken steps like issuing electronic visas to promote tourism.
He said the huge decline in piracy in the Indian Ocean is largely due to the strength of the Indian military and our international partners
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market and great economic stability.
More than 90 percent of approvals are obtained through routes.
We can see how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country.
A few days ago, we all remembered that ISRO successfully launched GSAT-19.
He said that the recommendations of these sub-groups have been incorporated by various Ministries of the Union Government.
The Department of Molecular Oncology of the institute was declared as Centre of Excellence by the Central Government in 2007.
The signing of the Agreement on Trade Measures today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
Rather, it should seek to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum and the exhibition and the viewing gallery.
The presentation, based on energy and environment, included suggestions related to various energy sources and energy efficiency.
The Prime Minister will then visit the Wall of Unity and inaugurate it.
The Defence Research & Development Organization (DRDO) has prepared this memorial in a very short time.
Over the last three years, we have made tireless efforts to ensure ease of doing business.
14. Other areas of cooperation as per mutual decision.
Results of Budget Session
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the Central Government which have reduced the price of medicines and stents.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
He said that under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, a comprehensive campaign is underway to provide a permanent home to the
It will promote and spread the traditions and traditions of India in Colombia.
This will prevent duplication of the process being carried out by the various departments for recognition of trade unions at the Centre and State level
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate a section of the new Mezzanta line of Delhi Metro on December 25.
When I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, I started a similar movement called Vance Gujarat with this spirit.
This year, October 2 has a special significance.
The Prime Minister Shri Modi laid the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over the Brahmaputra River.
This work will be completed within 36 months.
He mentioned the various measures taken by the Central Government against black money, including monetization of the currency, and the action taken on corrup
18. It will be connected to the National Health Defence Mission under Ayushmann Bharat.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
I congratulate all the athletes who are coming back with medals.
We have launched Ujjwala Yojana with the provision of gas to 50 million households.
It will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries and commercial units.
He laid the foundation stone of this institution in April 2015.
My dear countrymen, I am not a yoga teacher.
Referring to the idea of bringing about radical change in the health sector, the Prime Minister said that the Government's vision is to find
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of Minority Welfare Schemes under the Union Government.
He also said that several announcements have been made in the Budget to achieve this objective.
The remaining land will be managed in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM)
Our defence scientists have also made India proud.
Numerous conferences and seminars have been held on various topics.
Our present encourages us to work together.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the project of doubling the 425 km long railway line at Jhansi-M
Your generation has also faced constant difficulties.
The Government of India has implemented the PM Kisan Pratapada Yojana.
In this context, he also discussed his meeting with the High Commissioner of India in Sri Lanka this morning on 17th October 2018. 
What torments the freedom lunatics will endure.
He said that Operation Greens announced in the recent budget would be beneficial for farmers in growing fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes
The establishment of a bench on the Pika Uprising at Utkal University Bhubaneswar was announced.
He mentioned several initiatives including GST implementation, natural resources auction, improvement of insurance and banking sector and skill development.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Ravindranath Tagore wanted Indian students to step up from the world wide but retain their Indian
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss the opportunity to meet.
Friends, this is the first conference of its kind in this part of the world.
When you read it, you will learn how today our youths are trying to change the lives of ordinary people by using technology smartly and
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
Under this scheme, over 10 crore households will be provided health insurance of Rs 5 lakh per family per year.
This new tradition of public participation for our country is our effort to advance the country through public participation.
You have incorporated our culture into you and made it your own.
During his tenure, the timing of the budget was changed.
He said that this award also indicates the priorities of the government.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated Kochi Metro today and travelled briefly on the new metro line.
Atal Ji was a true patriot.
He also explained in detail how the whole government scheme and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor to fight poverty.
This will facilitate students interested in cinema from the North Eastern States.
Today, the Government is using direct benefit transfer for 59 different schemes.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
Every Indian is extremely proud of the successful testing of Agni-V.
MoU between Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and National Institute for Transformation of India (NITI Aayog).
At this Town Hall event, I had the opportunity to talk through technology, with millions of students from across the country and abroad, with
I recently had two memorable encounters.
In a joint interaction with the beneficiaries and store owners in more than 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that the Government has
If the family always refuses the child and expects the adopter to respect the child, it is not possible.
The Prime Minister will launch Innovation and Start-up Policy for Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
I wish you all the best again.
He believes that the rise of India and China as two vast economies and important powers, together with strategic and decision-making freedom
First of all, congratulations to all of you for the International Conference on an important topic like Consumer Protection.
According to the World Bank and IMF, this growth will continue.
Our discussions covered all issues related to bilateral relations.
I have countless memories with them.
The Prime Minister will open the pages of Bhagavad Gita and formally inaugurat it.
I would also like to mention the hard work of the NDRF fighters.
Both sides welcomed the launch of a pharmaceutical plant by the Advanced Pharma Company in Russia.
Not only that, we are the sixth largest renewable energy producer.
Mr. Hawking's departure is sad.
Responding to the people who had raised the slogan of the Swachhata campaign from the Red Fort of the Prime Minister, he said
He started his practice in constitutional, taxation and corporate matters at Guwahati High Court.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to national capitals but extends to the capitals of our states.
The Committee also appreciated the steps taken by the Prime Minister to eradicate corruption in the government system through demonetisation and anti
We want to build land, sea and air connections in this region.
He will attend the ceremonies to mark one year of the State Government.
Electricity was delivered to every village in the country.
The MoU was signed in April 2017.
Working together, we want to take our mutual relations as a future-oriented partnership for people, prosperity and peace.
During the meeting, the Supreme Court's ban on Jalakhatu was discussed.
The two sides agreed to strengthen cultural and humanitarian ties under the SCO.
So many young people leave their homes for the first time to give a new direction to their lives.
He said that Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
In August 2016, a strict rule was introduced to curb anonymous transactions.
My best wishes to the entire team and support staff from me, from the people of the country.
The establishment of this Joint Working Group will help to resolve the issue related to the terrorist attack.
Look at how many times I've used the best, most brilliant words of all time in the last few minutes.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where cooking gas is being provided by pipes.
He recalled the event held by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year to honour Indian military personnel.
I hope that the industry will be in constant contact with them.
He unveiled a roadmap for the full development of tribes over the next five years.
The ASI has undertaken several major conservation works in various countries in Asia.
He appealed to all those present to work towards 100 per cent sanitation coverage by the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma
It has the potential to create a better society and a better nation.
Whether it is relief and rescue work or disaster management, our Air Warriors are grateful to the Air Force for their admira
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries Programme provides an opportunity for junior and senior officials to interact
All parties will also make a very good contribution.
Health and Fitness Centres are an important component of Ayushman Bharat Yojana to ensure overall health.
This work was continuous, to create in us a sense of inferiority by belittling our culture.
He said that the whole country, along with Varanasi, is now seeing how the vision of next generation infrastructure is reviving the country
It works as a link.
The world has seen a long history of price fluctuations.
The Prime Minister said that actions like the Prime Minister's Safer Matrivat Vyapavan and Mission Indra Dhanush
At an event held in Bhopal earlier this month, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humane aspects of our brave soldiers.
The cost of the guarantee will be borne by the Central Government and the interest rate on these will be reduced.
In terms of FDI, we are now among the most open countries.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that new innovations play an important role in bringing the people of India and Israel closer
Watching exciting matches is a good opportunity for sports lovers.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
His visit is important for both countries as we mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
The Prime Minister launched the virtual dedication of the statue by pressing a button.
In Singapore, I will focus on enhancing India - Singapore partnership in the areas of fintech, skills development, urban planning and artificial
The handling of public complaints in 17 areas was also reviewed.
It is playing a huge role in the growth of the village.
I first of all congratulate the newly elected Deputy Speaker, Mr. Harishanth Ji, on behalf of the
The previous obstacles in the decision process and approval have been removed.
It seems like a life - or death question.
Under this, different programmes on rural development, poor welfare and social justice will be implemented across India.
After a disaster, the whole world has to take responsibility for it.
India has managed to improve its rating after a long wait.
Former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam Ji, when talking to young people, always spoke of Nanaji Deshmukh
• A high-speed rail project is being built along with a training institute.
The Prime Minister reiterated India's commitment to fully support Afghanistan in its efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous
There is no shortage of talent in the country.
A Chair for Indian Studies has been set up at the University of Lisbon.
At the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed progress in resolving complaints related to post offices and railways.
I hope that your stay in India will be a memorable one for Prime Minister Netanyahu, Mrs. Netanyahu and the delegation.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's unconditional assistance to India on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
Referring to the family and collective traditions of the islands, he said that this has been the strength of Indian society for a
Over the last three years, everyone has made their own efforts towards water conservation and water management.
Addressing the audience, the Prime Minister said that today Motihari is showing the same spirit of mass movement as it did in the
Every sector of society, every class of people, gave themselves to Mahatma Gandhi's call for freedom struggle.
Discussing the importance of healthcare and health, the Prime Minister said that health is the foundation of all success and prosperity.
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
The South Asia satellite tells us that this is also true of regional cooperation between like - minded countries, as there is no limit to the
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive cooperation in the successful performance of his new responsibilities.
Diversity calls for celebration, not conflict.
He said that as new laws are made, old laws should be reviewed and if unnecessary, the old laws should be
Many people have written, sent letters, shared their fitness mantra  fit India stories on social media to show their support for this. 
The most important role in this historic occasion is that of Chartered Accountants.
Every young player is the identity of New India.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has addressed the Y4D New India Conclave in New Delhi today.
I see immense potential for investors that has not been exploited yet.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything in its power to help the states affected by cyclone storms.
He also said that the Government will ensure that adequate agricultural loans are available.
India is also making rapid progress in the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index and Global Performance Index.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered unclean.
More than 33 lakh women farmers have been trained through the Women Farmers Empowerment Project.
We are both a diverse democracy.
It leaves a deep impression on my mind.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
Let us now join hands with greater closeness and strength.
57 NDRF teams, including 1,300 personnel and 435 sailors, have been deployed to search and rescue operations.
exchange by them.
The Government has also asked banks to increase the cash credit limit for small industries from 20 to 25 per cent.
In fact, 1.25 billion people in India are equally fond of Japanese people.
He said that the areas near the sea could become the centre of our Blue Revolution.
Captain Mitali Raj is leading the team.
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh was present at the event.
The agreement that has been exchanged will establish this understanding.
In this context, the Prime Minister also discussed the initiatives in the field of air and water connectivity.
Including the Mijō-kamen, the Idū and the Digarū in order number 8.
Shri Modi said that drugs are being available at Jansushdh Centre at 50 to 90 per cent lower prices than market rates.
I will also visit religious sites that have cultural links to India.
The rapid growth of other organisms is in the interest of the producers.
He then reviewed an audio-visual presentation of experiences of selected beneficiaries of the Government of India and Rajasthan w
The Prime Minister said that more than three lakh companies have been investigated by the data mining investigation after demonetisation.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a Mission Mode initiative for India's 100 most backward districts.
The great Indian thinker and strategist Kauthiliya wrote Economics 2000 years ago.
Therefore, it is an honour to welcome a dear friend and a strong supporter of India.
On the arrival of the first inter-national container ship at Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar
Of these, one million are connected to the diamond industry alone.
My dear countrymen, in the 'Mann Ki Baat', the Aakhadi has always been a new color with its cre
January, February, March, April, all these months are months of ordeal in every family.
It is indeed a work which can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogis and even the common man.
Congratulations to our junior hockey team on winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
The Prime Minister called for accelerating the work related to redevelopment of railway stations and creative work in the field of non-
Institutions also contributed a lot.
Our motto is more crops, less drops.
Through dialogue, the farmers will have the opportunity to get in touch with the Prime Minister.
In this context, he mentioned various development-based initiatives of the Government such as Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bhar
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The role of Japan in our mega projects like Dedicated Freight Corridor, Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor, Metro Rail and
This is not a test of your life.
The alliance of Made in India and Made by Japan has already started working brilliantly.
India and Russia recognize the establishment of a multipolar world in international relations under the natural and inevitable process of developing interstate relations in
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial change but also a social change.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid tribute to Lord Birsa Mundha on his birthday.
To continue our commitment to this area, I am pleased to announce the construction of an additional 10,000 houses in the subregional areas
Addressing the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhavan, the Prime Minister said that it is a symbol of cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
You can enjoy your stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the divine environment of Paramartha Niketan.
I am in a way connected to millions of families every month through radio.
The two countries signed 12 agreements.
The Japan Plans system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
You have seen how the attack took place within 100 hours.
But if something outside of what you touched, something outside of what you asked, something outside of what you asked, you'll be
He said that the Government is meeting special requirements to bring the North Eastern Region on par with other states of the country.
Dr. Hire was also a senior official of the bank.
Similarly, you are seeing that the discussion is going on in the country about holding the elections of the Centre and the States simultane
He urged States to give fresh ideas to the VIT Commission to encourage results based allocations and expenditure reform.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
He said that the Agricultural Science Centres will also play an important role in this direction.
Over the last 20 years, 5.8 million people have died in the Asia Pacific region due to disasters.
With the inauguration of the Statue of Unity, India has given itself great inspiration for the future.
This grid is part of the government's scheme to provide affordable and quality gas throughout the North East region.
In modern times, more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers have given their lives in the world wars of the last century.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
The Prime Minister will address the crowd present on the occasion.
Both sides reiterated that India and Russia, being a multicultural, multilingual and multi-religious society,
He said that a powerful America would be beneficial to the whole world.
And so, together, we will build an India where the poor have secure housing, electricity, water.
People have their own opinions on this subject, both for and against.
For the first time since the Bhadlal-Kale of Azad, the tricolour was played on the 75th anniversary
This has been made possible by close cooperation between the Central Government and the State Governments as well as all political parties.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the Foundation.
Record growth over the last two and a half years.
As part of this, the Government has started training one lakh Raj Mistry.
The Swiss Bank has reported that the deposits by Indians have reached the lowest level ever recorded.
India and Cyprus have close economic relations.
India has won the Asia Cup of Hockey with a great performance.
From lists of causes to case law, the lawyer's library is now one click away from your mobile.
And so, brothers and sisters, it is essential to build faith in the minds of the common man of the country by remov
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Prime Minister's National Health and Safety Mission.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play a significant role in the development of sectors like education, health, employment, skill development
This will save fuel worth about Rs 27 lakh per day.
People have also started giving one another Khadi items as gifts.
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
This is why the acceptance of yoga is growing so rapidly worldwide.
Recently, our dear poet Neeraj Ji left us.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to promote the hydropower sector.
To this end, we have launched the Make in India campaign.
The Prime Minister emphasized the shared values between India and Japan.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
Prime Minister Shri Modi said, "I will meet with President of Singapore, Halima Jacob on June 1.
I am delighted that Bhupen Da was awarded the Bharat Ratna.
Road connectivity in rural areas has now reached 90 per cent.
Under Ayushman Bharat Yojana, the Government of India and the insurance company will jointly spend Rs 5 lakh in a
Over the last two and a half years, over Rs 1.25 lakh crore of black money has been brought to the open.
He further said that human psychology and practical psychology should be an important part of training.
Our efforts to facilitate business have improved India's ranking.
We have come together to shape and support our common activities and efforts in an international context.
Reiterating his commitment to fulfill the dream of a prosperous and developed India, I pay tribute to Atal Ji on behalf
A postage stamp on Ramayana was issued by him on the occasion.
The construction of IIT, IIM, AIIMS is going on fast.
He said that implementing it is a complex task that could be the subject of study for the future.
The Prime Minister said that the benefits of India's success are also available to our partners.
The Prime Minister said that if the unclean environment is not cleaned, a situation is promoted where anyone begins to accept the conditions.
Now the incorporation of the company is a matter of one day.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Cust
We have to take the individual, the people, every segment of society and we have to move the country forward with it.
We will work tirelessly for our socioeconomic upliftment in every possible way.
I would also urge the listeners of M. K. Bhat who are working on Sanskrit to consider how to further the
If the country had not started a new era of honesty in the economy, would this have been possible?
It will also increase mutual trust and trade.
He was appointed as a permanent judge of the Guwahati High Court on February 28, 2001.
He said that nine armies from 50 countries took part in the International Fleet Review conducted by the Indian Navy in 2016.
He will also distribute aid equipment to the disabled.
The Prime Minister said, "We salute the brave martyrs who gave their lives during this cowardly attack on Parliament.
This feeling of attachment to the country and love for the countrymen was rooted in the skin of this small-sized
The relationship between us in trade and investment is deepening.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Cooperation Conference in New Delhi on the occasion of the birth centenary
Therefore, good health is a combination of individual development and collective efforts for the betterment of the environment.
We are committed to doing what is sustainable and green.
He said that only those who respect women can truly be proud of the brothers and sisters of America, who spoke the opening words of the
Simply put, we all experience how things go.
Now that Kisan credit card will be converted into RUPAY card, farmers will be able to buy and sell from their cards
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of MoU between the two countries for cooperation
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on Wednesday met and interacted with a group of 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries working
Apart from farming, he can also earn money by selling electricity from solar farming.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting.
The Prime Minister said that the visit of Prime Minister Theresa May to India in November 2016 has provided the necessary framework for guiding India-UK
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to actively monitor it with sensitivity.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and the people of Gujarat will emerge strong and successfully from the flood challenge.
6. Training and management for the administration of health services and hospitals;
Stable, expected and transparent laws are redefining the nature of doing business in India.
India has also given hockey many great players.
Such efforts create unnecessary difficulties, especially for those in the lower echelons of developed and least developed countries.
Our bilateral trade is more than 10 billion dollars.
On 31st May, I will visit the India - Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Exhibition.
For me, the passing of Atal Ji is a personal and irreparable loss.
Over time, the popularity of these events grew.
This is not only the highest FDI ever but also the highest growth in India's FDI.
He unveiled a plaque there and inaugurated Swadash Darshan Yojana.
I can see in front of me a huge number of children and parents are also present.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das has made history by winning the gold medal in
The practice of yoga creates a sense of unity - unity of mind, body and mind.
Its state-of-the-art facilities will meet the healthcare needs of the region.
The army has taken a pledge to completely destroy the terrorists and their allies.
The mapping of disasters is necessary for example for earthquakes we need to have broadly accepted standards and norms.
The review meeting lasted for about two hours, with the participation of the top officials of the Ministries concerned with Infrastructure,
He also mentioned the Kamov Joint Ventures for the production of 226 helicopters and frigates.
He said that India will be great and healthy only when its 125 crore citizens are healthy.
Shri Modi said that on humanitarian grounds, five solar and one thousand rupees old notes will be accepted for funerals
He repeated the mantra of Shri Inamdar of 'Sacram without Sanskrit, not Cooperation'.
Consumers are also being made aware through the Jago-Customer Jago campaign.
This year, the cultivation of rabies has increased by 6 per cent compared to last year.
Referring to technology, the Prime Minister requested for assistance in areas where high pressure and high temperature related technical applications (APPs) are
This is another area that can become a link to further connecting our societies.
Earlier, he expressed his condolences over the loss of life caused by the forest fires in Portugal.
Minister of Energy, Saudi Arabia
The MoU will help to enhance bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
People affected by disasters and disaster after disasters are using social media to help each other.
The aspirations of people are being fulfilled at a record pace.
The National War Memorial also commemorates the soldiers who made the supreme sacrifice in the peace-keeping missions and anti
He said that the Muslim community will not allow any conspiracy against India to succeed.
Whenever hockey is discussed in the world, the story of hockey will remain incomplete without these great players of India.
There are over 8 lakh doctors.
It has become the world's main engine of development.
The Indian side expressed its intention to increase imports of fertilizers from Russia.
I believe that we are at a moment of great opportunity in our relations with Sri Lanka.
A high-level Russian delegation will come to India to promote Indian investment in the Far East and to organize an investment road show.
He dedicated, inaugurated or laid the foundation stone of various development projects in Raibareli in the name of the nation.
Yoga adds to this scattering.
Plastic is now becoming the greatest threat to humanity.
This will ensure the emerging energy markets for them.
The first 100 per cent literate city and the first 100 per cent literate district are from Kerala.
He was a master of the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
30 nanosatellites have been launched recently.
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly.
India is currently the fastest growing major economy in the world.
The Prime Minister said that the group gathered here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
His strong innings in the semifinal will always be remembered.
A visual art museum has been built in the same Revolution Temple.
Both leaders will also give their voices to the media.
My participation in the Summit reflects India's highest priority towards its neighbours and our continuing commitment to deepening relations with
During the same period, 11,641 additional settlements have been connected to the roads.
Once in Kolkata, during a match, an opposition player hit Dhyan Chandji in the head with a hockey.
He recalled his address during the 2017 'Mann Ki Baat' in which he appealed for the organisation of artificial parliaments
The Government is also emphasizing on how more foreign capital can come to India.
This month, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, Vedangi Kulkarni, became the fastest Asian woman to cycle around the
This time, every devotee will be able to see the virtues of Akshayut after the holy baths in the Sangam
So, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the world supply.
His achievement is unique in that he made his challenge the means of his success.
The Prime Minister called on these students to take concrete action in this direction to realize their vision.
The Prime Minister said that service is a part of our culture.
Describing it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM Scheme to 42 crore unorganized
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the State Government, all other agencies to deal with the flood situation so far.